An apple is a fruit. Fruits are edible and provide essential nutrients. Therefore, an apple is edible and provides essential nutrients.
Trash is disposed of in landfills, where it can remain for thousands of years. Wrappers are trash. Therefore, wrappers are disposed of in landfills, where they can remain for thousands of years.
Refined sugars can lead to diabetes and have been implicated in other health issues. High fructose corn syrup is a refined sugar. Therefore, high fructose corn syrup can lead to diabetes and has been implicated in other health issues.
RSA is a cryptographic system. Cryptographic systems shield web traffic from surveillance and let people communicate securely. Therefore, RSA shields web traffic from surveillance and lets people communicate securely.
People sometimes play musical instruments professionally, while others play them as a hobby. The piano is a musical instrument. Therefore, people sometimes play the piano professionally, while others play it as a hobby.
A year is a unit of time. Units of time measure the passage of time, and are standardized by the NIST. Therefore, a year is a unit of time, and is standardized by the NIST.
Attorneys litigate civil or criminal cases in court, where they represent the legal interests of their clients. Frank Jelinek is an attorney. Therefore, Frank Jelinek litigates civil or criminal cases in court, where he represents the legal interests of his clients.
Detritivores decompose leaf litter into bioavailable nutrients and thus form a critical step in the carbon cycle. Slime mold is a detritivore. Therefore, slime mold decomposes leaf litter into bioavailable nutrients and thus forms a critical step in the carbon cycle
Doctors perform medical tests to diagnose diseases and use their results to guide treatment. A CT scan is a medical test. Therefore, doctors perform a CT scan to diagnose diseases and use its results to guide treatment.
Ski resorts are a popular vacation destination. Some municipalities subsidize a popular vacation destination because it provides valuable tourism income. Therefore, some municipalities subsidize ski resorts because they provide valuable tourism income.
Pi is a constant. Constants are fixed values that play important roles in certain identities. Therefore, Pi is a fixed value that plays an important role in certain identities.
UNESCO designates World Heritage Sites as locations that have cultural, historical, scientific or other significance. The Taj Mahal is a World Heritage Site. Therefore, UNESCO designates the Taj Mahal as a location that has cultural, historical, scientific, or other significance.
Income tax is government revenue. Government revenues fund public infrastructure and pay for other state services. Therefore, income tax funds public infrastructure and pays for other state services.
Fiberglass is a fiber-reinforced polymer. Their high tensile strength and shock resistance make fiber-reinforced polymers well suited for many engineering applications. Therefore, its high tensile strength and shock resistance make fiberglass well suited for many engineering applications.
The Green Bay Packers are an NFL team. An NFL team plays from early September to late December and gets one bye in that period. Therefore, the Green Bay Packers play from early September to late December and get one bye in that period.
