Apples belong to the tree fruits. The produce of fruit trees is edible. Therefore, apples are edible.
Trash is disposed of in landfills. Garbage includes wrappers and other disposable packaging. Therefore, wrappers are disposed of in landfills.
Refined sweeteners can lead to diabetes. High fructose corn syrup headlines the processed sugars. Therefore, high fructose corn syrup can lead to diabetes.
Dominant cryptographic systems include RSA. Encryption protocols let people exchange messages securely. Therefore, RSA lets people exchange messages securely.
People sometimes play musical instruments for entertainment. One popular tool for making music is the piano. Therefore, people sometimes play pianos for entertainment.
Time spans also include years. Chronological units measure the passage of time. Therefore, years measure the passage of time.
Attorneys litigate civil or criminal cases in court. Frank Jelinek works as a lawyer. Therefore, Frank Jelinek litigates civil or criminal cases in court.
Detritivorous organisms convert leaf litter and other dead biomass into bioavailable nutrients. Detritivore means decomposer. Therefore, decomposers convert leaf litter and other dead biomass into bioavailable nutrients.
Doctors use medical tests to diagnose diseases and guide treatment. The most common diagnostic procedures include blood counts and other multi-factor panels. Therefore, doctors use blood counts to diagnose diseases and guide treatment.
Ski station is another way of saying ski resort. Some municipalities subsidize alpine resorts because they provide valuable tourism income. Therefore, some municipalities subsidize ski stations because they provide valuable tourism income.
Pi just might be the most famous of the fundamental fixed values. Universal constants are important in mathematics. Therefore, Pi is important in mathematics.
World Heritage Sites have cultural, historical, scientific or other significance. UNESCO has designated the Taj Mahal as member of the World Heritage list. Therefore, the Taj Mahal has cultural, historical, scientific or other significance.
Income tax falls under the umbrella of government revenue. Federal earnings fund public infrastructure and other state services. Therefore, income tax funds public infrastructure and other state services.
Fiber-reinforced polymer usually refers to fiberglass. High tensile strength and shock resistance make glass fiber reinforced acrylic well suited for many engineering applications. Therefore, high tensile strength and shock resistance make fiberglass well suited for many engineering applications.
The Green Bay Packers play for the NFL. National Football League teams play from early September to late December. Therefore, the Green Bay Packers play from early September to late December.
