Apples belong to the fruits. Fruits are edible. Therefore, apples are edible.
Trash is disposed of in landfills. Trash includes wrappers and other disposable packaging. Therefore, wrappers are disposed of in landfills.
Refined sugars can lead to diabetes. High fructose corn syrup headlines the refined sugars. Therefore, high fructose corn syrup can lead to diabetes.
Dominant cryptographic systems include RSA. Cryptographic systems let people exchange messages securely. Therefore, RSA lets people exchange messages securely.
People sometimes play musical instruments for entertainment. One popular musical instrument is the piano. Therefore, people sometimes play pianos for entertainment.
Units of time also include years. Units of time measure the passage of time. Therefore, years measure the passage of time.
Attorneys litigate civil or criminal cases in court. Frank Jelinek works as an attorney. Therefore, Frank Jelinek litigates civil or criminal cases in court.
Detritivores convert leaf litter and other dead biomass into bioavailable nutrients. Detritivore means decomposer. Therefore, decomposers convert leaf litter and other dead biomass into bioavailable nutrients.
Doctors use medical tests to diagnose diseases and guide treatment. The most common medical tests include blood counts and other multi-factor panels. Therefore, doctors use blood counts to diagnose diseases and guide treatment.
Ski station is another way of saying ski resort. Some municipalities subsidize ski resorts because they provide valuable tourism income. Therefore, some municipalities subsidize ski stations because they provide valuable tourism income.
Pi just might be the most famous of the mathematical constants. Mathematical constants are fixed values. Therefore, Pi is a fixed value.
World Heritage Sites have cultural, historical, scientific or other significance. UNESCO has designated the Taj Mahal as a World Heritage Site. Therefore, the Taj Mahal has cultural, historical, scientific or other significance.
Income tax falls under the umbrella of government revenue. Government revenue funds public infrastructure and other state services. Therefore, income tax funds public infrastructure and other state services.
Fiber-reinforced polymer usually refers to fiberglass. High tensile strength and shock resistance make fiber-reinforced polymers well suited for many engineering applications. Therefore, high tensile strength and shock resistance make fiberglass well suited for many engineering applications.
The Green Bay Packers play for the NFL. NFL teams play from early September to late December. Therefore, the Green Bay Packers play from early September to late December.
