Substances that can undergo combustion are not fireproof. Therefore, substances that are fireproof can not undergo combustion.
Legislatures that are not divided into separate houses are unicameral. Therefore, legislatures that are not unicameral are divided into separate houses.
People with less than one billion dollars of capital are not known as billionaires. Therefore, people that are known as billionaires have one billion dollars of capital or more.
Animals that are nocturnal are not active during the day. Therefore, animals that are active during the day are not nocturnal.
Objects that are denser than water won't float when placed in a body of water. Therefore, objects that float when placed in a body of water are less dense than water.
Pesticides that contain DDT aren't safe for birds. Therefore, pesticides that are safe for birds do not contain DDT.
Materials with low albedo do not reflect most of the light that hits them. Therefore, materials that reflect most of the light that hits them have high albedo.
Ships with wooden hulls are not safe from consumption by marine invertebrates. Therefore, ships that are safe from consumption by marine invertebrates do not have wooden hulls.
Conditions with environmental causes are not strictly hereditary. Therefore, conditions that are strictly hereditary do not have environmental causes.
Public transmissions that use open frequencies are allowed by the FCC. Therefore, public transmissions that are prohibited by the FCC do not use open frequencies.
Cases that do not involve criminal charges are tried in civil or superior court. Therefore, cases that are not tried in civil or superior court involve criminal charges.
Methods of energy storage that use kinetic potential are temperature insensitive. Therefore, methods of energy storage that are temperature sensitive do not use kinetic potential.
Plants that contain amarogentin do not have a sweet taste. Therefore, plants that have a sweet taste do not contain amarogentin.
Engines that burn hydrocarbon fuels do not work in oxygen-poor environments. Therefore, engines that work in oxygen-poor environments do not burn hydrocarbon fuels.
Flowers with dull coloration aren't attractive to pollinators. Therefore, flowers that are attractive to pollinators have bright coloration.