Combustible substances are flammable. Therefore, substances that are not flammable do not undergo combustion.
Bicameral legislatures are divided into two separate houses. Therefore, legislatures that are not divided into two separate houses are not bicameral.
Having one billion dollars of capital or more makes someone a billionaire. Therefore, someone that do not have one billion dollars of capital or more is not a billionaire.
Nocturnal animals are active during the night. Therefore, animals that are not active during the night are not nocturnal.
Denser-than-water objects will sink when placed in a body of water. Therefore, objects that do not sink when placed in a body of water are not denser than water.
DDT-containing pesticides have harmful effects on birds. Therefore, pesticides that do not have harmful effects on birds do not contain DDT.
High-albedo materials reflect most of the light that hits them. Therefore, materials that do not reflect most of the light that hits them do not have high albedo.
Wooden-hulled ships are vulnerable to consumption by marine invertebrates. Therefore, ships that are not vulnerable to consumption by marine invertebrates do not have wooden hulls.
Genetically caused conditions are hereditary. Therefore, conditions that are not hereditary do not have genetic causes.
Reserved-frequency public transmissions are prohibited by the FCC. Therefore, public transmissions that are not prohibited by the FCC do not use reserved frequencies.
Criminal cases are tried in criminal court. Therefore, cases that are not tried in criminal court do not include criminal charges.
Chemical methods of charge storage are temperature sensitive. Therefore, methods of charge storage that are not temperature sensitive do not use chemical bonds.
Amarogentin-containing plants have a bitter taste. Therefore, plants that do not have a bitter taste do not contain amarogentin.
Hydrocarbon fuel-burning engines are limited to oxygen-rich environments. Therefore, engines that are not limited to oxygen-rich environments do not burn hydrocarbon fuels.
Brightly colored flowers are attractive to pollinators. Therefore, flowers that are not attractive to pollinators do not have bright coloration.