Substances that can undergo combustion are flammable. Therefore, substances that are not flammable do not undergo combustion.
Legislatures that are divided into two separate houses are bicameral. Therefore, legislatures that are not bicameral are not divided into two separate houses.
People with one billion dollars of capital or more are known as billionaires. Therefore, people that are not known as billionaires do not have one billion dollars of capital or more.
Animals that are nocturnal are active during the night. Therefore, animals that are not active during the night are not nocturnal.
Objects that are less dense than water will float when placed in a body of water. Therefore, objects that do not float when placed in a body of water are not less dense than water.
Pesticides that contain DDT have harmful effects on birds. Therefore, pesticides that do not have harmful effects on birds do not contain DDT.
Materials with high albedo reflect most of the light that hits them. Therefore, materials that do not reflect most of the light that hits them do not have high albedo.
Ships with wooden hulls are vulnerable to consumption by marine invertebrates. Therefore, ships that are not vulnerable to consumption by marine invertebrates do not have wooden hulls.
Conditions with genetic causes are hereditary. Therefore, conditions that are not hereditary do not have genetic causes.
Public transmissions that use reserved frequencies are prohibited by the FCC. Therefore, public transmissions that are not prohibited by the FCC do not use reserved frequencies.
Cases that include criminal charges are tried in criminal court. Therefore, cases that are not tried in criminal court do not include criminal charges.
Methods of charge storage that use chemical bonds are temperature sensitive. Therefore, methods of charge storage that are not temperature sensitive do not use chemical bonds.
Plants that contain amarogentin have a bitter taste. Therefore, plants that do not have a bitter taste do not contain amarogentin.
Engines that burn hydrocarbon fuels are limited to oxygen-rich environments. Therefore, engines that are not limited to oxygen-rich environments do not burn hydrocarbon fuels.
Flowers with bright coloration are attractive to pollinators. Therefore, flowers that are not attractive to pollinators do not have bright coloration.