Substances capable of combustion are flammable. Therefore, substances that are not flammable are not capable of combustion.
Legislatures divided into two separate houses are bicameral. Therefore, legislatures that are not bicameral are not divided into two separate houses.
People in possession of one billion dollars of capital or more are known as billionaires. Therefore, people that are not known as billionaires do not have one billion dollars of capital or more.
Animals active nocturnally are active during the night. Therefore, animals that are not active during the night are not nocturnal.
Objects denser than water will sink when placed in a body of water. Therefore, objects that do not sink when placed in a body of water are not denser than water.
Pesticides containing DDT have harmful effects on birds. Therefore, pesticides that do not have harmful effects on birds do not contain DDT.
Materials possessing high albedo reflect most of the light that hits them. Therefore, materials that do not reflect most of the light that hits them do not have high albedo.
Ships made of wood are vulnerable to consumption by marine invertebrates. Therefore, ships that are not vulnerable to consumption by marine invertebrates do not have wooden hulls.
Conditions caused by genetic factors are hereditary. Therefore, conditions that are not hereditary do not have genetic causes.
Public transmissions on reserved frequencies are prohibited by the FCC. Therefore, public transmissions that are not prohibited by the FCC do not use reserved frequencies.
Cases involving criminal charges are tried in criminal court. Therefore, cases that are not tried in criminal court do not include criminal charges.
Methods of charge storage based on chemical bonds are temperature sensitive. Therefore, methods of charge storage that are not temperature sensitive do not use chemical bonds.
Plants containing amarogentin have a bitter taste. Therefore, plants that do not have a bitter taste do not contain amarogentin.
Engines built to burn hydrocarbon fuels are limited to oxygen-rich environments. Therefore, engines that are not limited to oxygen-rich environments do not burn hydrocarbon fuels.
Flowers whose coloration is bright are attractive to pollinators. Therefore, flowers that are not attractive to pollinators do not have bright coloration.