Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Fire behavior is driven by local weather conditions such as winds, temperature and moisture. Therefore, climate is generally described in terms of local weather conditions.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Climate varies according to altitude. Therefore, temperature and moisture varies by alltitude.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Climate change is a global problem. Therefore, temperature and moisture is changing globally.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Introduction to Climate Introduction Climate is the average weather conditions. Therefore, average weather conditions are generally described in terms of temperature and moisture.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Clouds are made of moisture and the moisture is from the water evaporating. Therefore, climate is usually described in terms of temperature and water in the air.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Climate refers to weather over a long period of time. Therefore, weather is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Humidity is moisture in the air. Therefore, climate is generally described in terms of temperature and humidity.
Climate is generally described in terms of temperature and moisture. Humidity is a measure of moisture content of air. Therefore, climate is generally described in terms of temperature and humidity.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Transportation moves people and goods from one place to another. Therefore, vehicles are used to move people and goods.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Passenger vehicles are the primary mode of transportation. Therefore, passenger cars are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Trailers and boats are counted as a private vehicles. Therefore, trailers and boats are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Cars and busses are both examples of vehicles. Therefore, cars and busses are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Trailers and boats are counted as a private vehicles. Therefore, boats are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Most bigger cities require efficient and adequate public transport systems. Therefore, most bigger cities require vehicles.
A vehicle is used for transportation. All traffic vehicles are Air Planes. Therefore, a plane is used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, trucks are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, a car is used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Motorcycles are, for the most part, single occupant vehicles. Therefore, motorcycles are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. If in a moving car, pull over and stop as quickly as safety permits, but stay in the vehicle. Therefore, moving cars are used for transportation.
A vehicle is used for transportation. Transportation causes most of the air pollution in and around Vancouver. Therefore, a vehicle causes  air pollution.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Collar cells or choanocytes are the work horses. Therefore, choanocytes have tiny hairs that trap the particles.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Particles A particle is simply a very tiny piece of matter. Therefore, collar cells have tiny hairs that trap very tiny pieces of matter.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Some cells have tiny hair-like fibers that are called flagella. Therefore, collar cells have flagella that trap the particles.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Collar cells line the interior chambers. Therefore, the interior chambers have tiny hairs that trap the particles.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Collar cells are the work horses of the sponge. Therefore, sponges have tiny hairs that trap particles.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Collar cells are the work horses of the sponge. Therefore, sponges trap particles.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Collar cells each have a flagellum. Therefore, flagellum are tiny hairs that trap particles.
Collar cells have tiny hairs that trap the particles. Collar cells are the work horses of the sponge. Therefore, the work horses of the sponge have tiny hairs that trap the particles.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, all jellyfish are aquatic animals.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Aquatic creatures live in the water, for example. Therefore, all cnidarians live in water.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarian tentacles serve to capture prey. Therefore, all aquatic tentacles serve to capture prey.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Aquatic creatures live in the water, for example. Therefore, all cnidarians live in the water.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, all jellyfish are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, jellyfish are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, anemones are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, all jellyfish are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, jellyfish and anemones are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians are also called coelenterates. Therefore, coelenterates are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians are also called coelenterates. Therefore, all coelenterates are aquatic.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Aquatic animals moving through water are also subject to the principles of aerodynamics. Therefore, all cnidarians move through the water.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Scyphozoans are the next group of Cnidarians, and they are the familiar jellyfish. Therefore, scyphozoans are aquatic organisms.
All cnidarians are aquatic. Cnidarians have a hydrostatic skeleton. Therefore, some aquatic animals have hydrostatic skeletons.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, being a meteorologist requires studying weather.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists study the weather.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists study weather.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. A meteorologist is a person who studies or predicts the weather. Therefore, meteorology requires studying weather.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists require studying weather.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Meteorologists study weather conditions and prepare current and long range weather forecasts. Therefore, predicting weather requires preparing current and long range weather forecasts.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Introduction to the Weather Introduction to Weather Meteorology is the study of weather. Therefore, predicting weather requires meteorology.
Predicting weather requires studying weater. Meteorologists are scientists who study the weather. Therefore, predicting weather requires meteorologists.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Astronomy is the study of the planets, stars, and universe. Therefore, astronomy can be used to navigate.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Maps and Navigation Good maps are essential to travelling, both on and off-road. Therefore, knowledge of stars can replace maps while traveling on or off road.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. And every star there ever was is in a constellation. Therefore, knowledge of constellations can be used to navigate.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Explorers have used the North Star for navigational purposes for centuries. Therefore, you can use the north star for directions if you have the knowledge.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Explorers have used the North Star for navigational purposes for centuries. Therefore, knowledge of the stars can be used to orient explorers.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Generally speaking, the star is a symbol of hope and guidance in the midst of uncertainty. Therefore, uncertainty can be overcome by navigation.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Navigation is a key element of space travel. Therefore, knowledge of the stars can be used to travel.
Knowledge of the stars can be used to navigate. Of course, astronomers also study stars. Therefore, astronomy can be used to navigate.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Brakes are also involved when the vehicle is on an incline. Therefore, friction is used to stop a vehicle on an incline.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Fishtailing or severe braking at high speed can cause jackknifing and rollover. Therefore, friction can cause jackknifing and rollover in a vehicle.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Brake dust is produced during the friction of braking. Therefore, stopping a vehicle produces brake dust.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Brakes are applied to the rear wheels on No. 2 truck. Therefore, friction is used for stopping trucks.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Friction is a Force that opposes motion. Therefore, a force that opposes motion is used for stopping vehicles by brakes.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Typically the smoother the surface is the less friction. Therefore, brakes are less effective at stopping vehicles on smooth surfaces.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, friction is used for stopping a car by brakes.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Friction produces heat. Therefore, stopping a vehicle with brakes will generate heat.
Friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes. Trucks and cars are vehicles. Therefore, friction is used for stopping by trucks and cars using brakes.
Flowers form on the dominant sporophyte plant. Sporophyte possesses stoma. Therefore, flowers form on a plant possessing stoma.
Flowers form on the dominant sporophyte plant. Sporophytes appear early in the spring, as soon as the snow melts. Therefore, flowers form after the snow melts.
Flowers form on the dominant sporophyte plant. Sporophyte possesses stoma. Therefore, flowers form on the plant with stoma.
Flowers form on the dominant sporophyte plant. Angiosperm sporophyte is dominant. Therefore, flowers form on angiosperms.
Flowers form on the dominant sporophyte plant. Angiosperm sporophyte is dominant. Therefore, flowers form on angiosperms.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Melanin is the skin pigment that gives the skin a tan color. Therefore, melanin amount is a polygenic trait.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Human skin and hair color are polygenic traits. Therefore, hair color is polygenic.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Skin color is determined by the melanin pigment in the skin cells. Therefore, melanin pigment is determined by a polygenic trait.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Polygenic inheritance Polygenic traits are controlled by an unknown number of genes. Therefore, skin color is controlled by an unknown number of genes.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Most dental variations are polygenic, that is controlled by several genes. Therefore, skin color is a trait controlled by several genes.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Tourette syndrome a polygenic disorder. Therefore, tourette syndrome is a trait.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Phenotypic expression of polygenic traits varies over a wide range. Therefore, skin color is a phenotypic expression.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Polygenic traits are controled by two or more genes. Therefore, skin color is controlled by two or more genes.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Rather, such complex characteristics are polygenic, i.e., they are influenced by multiple genes. Therefore, skin color is influenced by multiple genes.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Pigment cells are what give color or tint to the skin. Therefore, pigment is another polygenic trait.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Color depends on melanin content in skin. Therefore, melanin content is a polygenic trait.
Skin color is another polygenic trait. Phenotypic expression of polygenic traits varies over a wide range. Therefore, phenotypic expression of skin color varies over a wide range.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. Crocodilian mothers provide the most parental care compared to any other reptiles. Therefore, crocodilian mothers are the most attentive reptile parents.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. Iguanas are good reptiles for experienced reptile caretakers. Therefore, iguana parents provide little care to their young.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. After spawning, they abandon their eggs and provide no parental care. Therefore, reptile parents abandon their eggs.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. Alligators and crocodiles are the largest living reptiles. Therefore, alligator and crocodile parents provide little care to their young.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. All lizards are reptiles. Therefore, lizard parents provide little if any care to their young.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. Crocodilian mothers provide the most parental care compared to any other reptiles. Therefore, crocodilian mothers provide care to their young.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. Geckos are, in fact, reptiles. Therefore, gecko parents provide little if any care to their young.
Reptile parents provide little if any care to their young. All reptiles are cold-blooded. Therefore, cold-blooded parents provide little if any care to their young.
Ground tissue makes up most of the interior of a plant. Oaks are the most commonly attacked plants. Therefore, ground tissue makes up most of the interior of an oak.
Ground tissue makes up most of the interior of a plant. Vascular tissue and the roots involved can draw water into the plant from the ground. Therefore, vascular tissue and roots make up the interior of a plant.
Ground tissue makes up most of the interior of a plant. Ferns are one type of seedless plant. Therefore, ground tissue makes up most of the interior of ferns.
Ground tissue makes up most of the interior of a plant. Plants hold nutrients in tissue. Therefore, nutrients are held in tissue.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Fumes during the evaporation present a danger. Therefore, when a gas in an open container spreads out, fumes present a danger.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Gases as well as vapours can contaminate the workplace air. Therefore, when dangerous gas from an open container evaporates, it can contaminate a workplace.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Gas is usually oxygen. Therefore, when oxygen in an open container evaporates , oxygen spreads out into the air.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Evaporation is when a liquid turns into a gas. Therefore, when a liquid turns into a gas in an open container, it spreads out into the air.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Similarly, hydrogen is an explosive gas. Therefore, when hydrogen evaporates from an open container, it spreads out into the air.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Water vapor is a gas in the air. Therefore, when water vapor in an open container evaporates , water vapor spreads out into the air.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Kids lunch boxes are marvellous containers. Therefore, if you place gas in an open box it will evaporate and spread out into the air.
When a gas in an open container evaporates , that gas spreads out into the air. Deadly carbon monoxide gas from the generator s exhaust can spread throughout enclosed spaces. Therefore, carbon monoxide gas from a generator's exhaust has been evaporated.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Sharks have a cartilage skeleton. Therefore, regular skeletons are less flexible than shark skeletons but stronger.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. People's ears and bones are made of cartilage. Therefore, ears made of cartilage.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Most fish have bony skeletons, but sharks have skeletons made of cartilage. Therefore, most fish have less flexible but stronger skeletons compared to sharks.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Articular cartilage is the cartilage that covers the bone and the joint areas. Therefore, bone is  less flexible but stronger than the material that covers it.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Tissues include bone and cartilage, bone marrow and corneas. Therefore, some bodily tissues are flexible, while others are strong.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Cartilage is more flexible and lighter in weight than bone. Therefore, bone is stronger and more rigid than cartilage.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Sharks have a cartilage skeleton. Therefore, bone skeletons are less flexible than shark skeletons but stronger.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Cartilage is strong, flexible, and lightweight. Therefore, bone is less lightweight than cartilage but stronger.
Bone is less flexible than cartilage but stronger. Grossly, cartilage is a semi-translucent tissue, firm, but more flexible than bone. Therefore, bone is less flexible than a semi-translucent tissue.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. More visibility means safe operation. Therefore, bad weather decreases safe operation while driving.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. Good visibility is essential for safe driving. Therefore, bad weather causes unsafe driving conditions.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. Another dangerous weather phenomena that thunderstorms produce is hail. Therefore, hail decreases visibility while driving.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. While driving to the Small Boat Harbor tournament site, the fog had taken visibility to near zero. Therefore, bad weather takes visibility to near zero.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. Secondary accidents are a major problem under driving conditions of reduced visibility. Therefore, bad weather increases the risk of car accidents.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. Collisions are more likely when visibility is poor. Therefore, bad weather makes collisions more likely while driving.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. For example, lack of visibility is a major cause of many accidents. Therefore, bad weather causes car accidents.
Bad weather decreases visibility while driving. Good visibility is essential for safe driving. Therefore, bad weather impairs safe driving.
RNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane. Like proteins, DNA and RNA are polymers of various small chemically related molecules. Therefore, polymers of various small chemically related molecules can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane.
RNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane. Cells with a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotic. Therefore, rNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in eukaryotic cells.
RNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane. RNA is ribonucleic acid Like DNA, it is a nucleic acid. Therefore, ribonucleic acid is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane.
RNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane. For example, the nuclear membrane keeps the DNA inside of the nucleus. Therefore, rNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores of the nucleus that holds DNA.
RNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane. Nuclear membranes are thickened, rounded and slightly irregular. Therefore, rNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through thickened, rounded and slightly irregular pores.
RNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through pores in the nuclear membrane. Cells with a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotic. Therefore, rNA is a small molecule that can squeeze through the pores of a eukaryotic cell.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. To protect themselves corals have evolved a variety of defenses. Therefore, poisonus darts are used by sea anemones for protection.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Poison dart frogs are the source of a toxin used by natives on their poison darts. Therefore, a toxin is used for defense by sea anemones.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Another reef inhabitant is the anemone. Therefore, sea creatures live in reefs.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Venomous creatures can often use their poison as a weapon. Therefore, sea anemones are venomous.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Sea anemones are close relatives of corals. Therefore, poisonous darts are used for defense by close relatives of coral.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Sea anemones are close relatives of corals. Therefore, close relatives of coral use poisonous darts for defense.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Protection at the gateway is the best defense. Therefore, poisonous darts are used as protection by sea anemones.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Anthozoans are the familiar anemones and corals. Therefore, poisonous darts are used for defense by Anthozoans.
Poisonous darts are used for defense by sea anemones. Sea anemones are related to jellyfish and coral. Therefore, poisonous darts are used for defense by an organism related to jellyfish and coral.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Small lymph capillaries collect lymph. Therefore, small capillaries collect fluid.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Lymph vessels carry lymph, a colorless, watery fluid that contains lymphocytes. Therefore, fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells contains lymphocytes.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Capillary walls are quite permeable. Therefore, lymph is the fluid that leaks from permeable walls into spaces between cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. System consists of lymph capillaries, lymph veins and lymph nodes. Therefore, lymph is in nodes.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Lymph fluid is rich in protein. Therefore, a protein-rich fluid leaks into spaces between cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Humans are made up of trillions of cells. Therefore, humans contain lymph.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Capillaries are microscopic vessels. Therefore, lymph is a fluid that leaks out of microscopic vessels into spaces between cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Bacteria invade lymph nodes, which swell, creating the buboes. Therefore, swelling nodes leak fluid out of capillaries into spaces between cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Lymph nodes, or glands, filter the lymph fluid. Therefore, lymph is filtered by nodes.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Capillaries are tiny, thin walled blood vessels. Therefore, lymph fluid leaks out of blood vessels into spaces between cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Lymph, a fluid rich in white blood cells, flows through the lymphatic vessels. Therefore, a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells is rich in white blood cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Lymph fluid is rich in protein. Therefore, a fluid rich in protein leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells.
Lymph is a fluid that leaks out of capillaries into spaces between cells. Capillaries connect arteries to veins. Therefore, lymph is a fluid that leaks out of the connection of arteries to veins.
Any antigen that causes an allergy is called an allergen. Antigens are proteins foreign to the body. Therefore, any foreign protein that causes an allergic reaction is called an allergen.
Any antigen that causes an allergy is called an allergen. Asthma attacks are caused by allergies. Therefore, allergens can trigger asthma attacks.
Any antigen that causes an allergy is called an allergen. Antibodies are produced to fight antigens. Therefore, antibodies are produced to fight an allergens.
Any antigen that causes an allergy is called an allergen. Many of the common allergens are pollens and dusts. Therefore, pollens are antigens that can cause an allergy.
Any antigen that causes an allergy is called an allergen. Many allergens can cause anaphylaxis. Therefore, many antigens cause cause anaphyaxis.
Any antigen that causes an allergy is called an allergen. Antigens are proteins foreign to the body. Therefore, proteins foreign to the body that cause allergies are called allergens.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Milk products are made into ice cream, cheese cake, and puddings. Therefore, pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in something that pudding is made from.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Pasteurization was discovered by the French scientist, Louis Pasteur. Therefore, milk.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Bacteria are unicellular organisms. Therefore, pasteurization reduces the amount of unicellular organisms in milk.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Pasteurization destroys the bacteria in milk that cause tuberculosis. Therefore, pasteurization reduces the cause of tuberculosis in milk.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Pasteurization, the killing of germs by heating, was developed by Louis Pasteur. Therefore, heating milk reduces the amount of bacteria.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Cows produce milk. Therefore, pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in something cows produce.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Pasteurization is a mild heating process that kills pathogenic micro-organisms in milk. Therefore, a mild heating process reduces bacteria in milk.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Bacteria and blue-green bacteria are prokaryotic cells. Therefore, pasteurization reduces the amount of prokaryotic cells in milk.
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in milk. Heat, including pasteurization, reduces vitamin content. Therefore, heating milk in order to reduce the amount of bacteria also reduces vitamin content.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. Physiological stresses can relate to changes in growth size, for example. Therefore, changes in size are faster during infancy than during puberty.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. Humans experience their fastest growth rate during fetal development and early infancy. Therefore, growth is faster during fetal development than it is during puberty.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. For many, adolescence is synonymous with puberty. Therefore, growth is faster during infancy than adolescence.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. During infancy, babies learn whether to trust the world. Therefore, babies grow faster than they do later during puberty.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. Infancy ends with weaning, usually around year 3. Therefore, growth is faster from ages 0 to 3 than it is during puberty.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. Patients frequently die in the neonatal period or in early infancy. Therefore, growth is faster during the neonatal period than it is during puberty.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. Breasts develop during puberty. Therefore, growth is faster in infancy than it is in the time when breasts grow.
Growth is faster during infancy than it is during puberty. Adolescence begins with puberty. Therefore, growth is faster in infancy than in adolescence.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. The seismometer will check for seismic activity. Therefore, seismic activity tells us the strength or magnitude of an earthquake.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Seismometer Calibration : Instructions on how to calibrate a homemade seismometer. Therefore, instruments must be calibrated before they can measure the magnitude of an earthquake.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Earthquakes are measured on a scale of 1 to 10. Therefore, seismometers go up to 10.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Earthquakes are caused by fault movement. Therefore, a seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of something caused by fault movement.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. The Richter scale, developed in 1935, measures the earthquake by using a standard seismometer to measure the maximum amplitude of shaking. Therefore, the strength of an earthquake refers to the maximum amplitude of the shaking.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Richter scale provides information on the magnitude or inherent strength of the earthquake. Therefore, seismometers.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Earthquakes are caused by fault movement. Therefore, a seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of fault movement.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Richter scale provides information on the magnitude or inherent strength of the earthquake. Therefore, a seismometer is used to measure the richter scale.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Intensity is a measure of the strength of shaking experienced in an earthquake. Therefore, a seismometer measures the intensity of the shaking of earthquakes.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Seismic waves are produced by earthquakes. Therefore, a seismometer is used to measure seismic waves.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Scientists use seismometers to determine the location and strength of earthquakes. Therefore, a seismometer is used to measure strength.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. The magnitude of an earthquake is its strength, or the amount of shaking. Therefore, a seismometer is used to measure the amount of shaking of an earthquake.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake. Seismograph: A seismograph is a device that records earthquake waves. Therefore, seismographs measure strength.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Temperature is an measurement of the amount of heat. Therefore, a thermometer is used to measure the amount of heat.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Fever is measured using a thermometer. Therefore, a fever can be measured with a thermometer.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Temperature is an measurement of the amount of heat. Therefore, a thermometer is used to measure the amount of heat.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Heat and temperature are the same. Therefore, a thermometer is used to measure heat.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. If the weather is warm, their temperature rises. Therefore, a thermometer is used to measure if the weather will be warm.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Fever is measured using a thermometer. Therefore, a fever can be diagnosed with a thermometer.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Temperature is a measure of the amount of heat. Therefore, a thermometer can measure heat.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. Heat and temperature are the same. Therefore, a thermometer is used to measure heat.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. When the temperature rises, the mercury expands and rises in the thermometer tube. Therefore, mercury expanding and rising in a tube is used to measure temperature.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature. An obvious replacement for the standard mercury thermometer is the alcohol thermometer. Therefore, a mercury or alcohol containing device is used to measure temperature.
A vehicle is used for travel. Trucks and cars are vehicles. Therefore, trucks and cars are used for travel.
A vehicle is used for travel. Vehicle emissions are a major cause of air pollution. Therefore, traveling is a cause of air pollution.
A vehicle is used for travel. Motorcycles are considered additional vehicles. Therefore, motorcycles are used for travel.
A vehicle is used for travel. Trucks and cars are vehicles. Therefore, trucks and cars are used for travel.
A vehicle is used for travel. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, trucks are used for travel.
A vehicle is used for travel. Trucks and cars are vehicles. Therefore, a car is used for travel.
A vehicle is used for travel. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, cars and trucks are used for travel.
A vehicle is used for travel. An airplane is a vehicle that is capable of leaving the ground and flying through the air. Therefore, an airplane can be used to travel high above the ground.
A vehicle is used for travel. All travel requires navigation in some form or another. Therefore, a vehicle in use requires navigation.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. For example, in the sentence The rain destroyed the crops , The rain is the subject. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a chance of destroyed crops.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Spring days can be stormy. Therefore, spring days can see rain weather.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Low pressure is generally associated with cloudy or stormy weather. Therefore, low pressure causes a greater chance of rain.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rapid warming thus increases global storminess, creating perfect conditions for hurricanes. Therefore, hurricanes cause a greater chance of rain.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain is a wonderful thing, it helps plants grow. Therefore, stormy weather helps plants grow.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain is also known as precipitation. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of precipitation.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Unsettled, stormy weather with frequent rain is common, even during the summer. Therefore, summer brings storms.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Weather is the state of the atmosphere at any particular moment in time. Therefore, if the state of the atmosphere is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain is our usual form of precipitation. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of precipitation.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. After a heavy rain, they can absorb a large amount of water for the plant. Therefore, if weather is stormy then plants will absorb water.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain is our usual form of precipitation. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of precipitation.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain is good, but lots of rain causes destructive flooding. Therefore, stormy weather increases the chances of flooding.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain is our usual form of precipitation. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of precipitation.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Erosion is loss of soil caused by rain and wind. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of Erosion.
If weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of rain. Rain reduces visibility and makes pavement dangerous. Therefore, if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of reduced visibility.
Protozoa make humans sick when they become human parasites. Intestinal parasites and malaria are endemic. Therefore, sick.
Protozoa make humans sick when they become human parasites. Illness-causing parasites include the protozoa Cyclospora and Toxoplasma gondii. Therefore, toxoplasma gondii make humans sick.
Protozoa make humans sick when they become human parasites. Bacteria, viruses, fungi, or protozoa are organisms that can cause infection in the lung. Therefore, organisms that can cause infection make humans sick.
Protozoa make humans sick when they become human parasites. Toxoplasma gondii Muscles Nematode Trichinella spiralis Protozoa Sarcocystis sp. Therefore, sick.
Protozoa make humans sick when they become human parasites. Exhibit One-celled animals are called protozoa. Therefore, one-celled animals make humans sick when they become parasites.
Protozoa make humans sick when they become human parasites. Malaria parasites are transmitted by mosquitos. Therefore, malaria is a protozoa that make humans sick.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. Magnets, compasses and even the earth have magnetic energy. Therefore, magnetic energy is used to find north.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. Additionally, a surveyor s compass was used. Therefore, natural magnetism is used for pointing north in a surveying tool.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. To find direction, students magnetize needles and locate North. Therefore, finding directions can be done by using a compass that points North.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. For the ordinary compass, align to the North direction. Therefore, compasses use magnetism.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. Teens learn how to navigate terrain and use a compass. Therefore, natural magnetism points north for navigation.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. Compasses point to the Magnetic Poles. Therefore, poles are used to point with a compass.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. Compasses point to the Magnetic Poles. Therefore, natural magnetism is used to point to the magnetic poles.
Natural magnetism is used for pointing north by a compass. Natural magnets are permanent magnets that never lose their magnetism. Therefore, permanent magnets are used for compasses pointing North.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Titanium is a lustrous white metallic element. Therefore, titanium is not a non metal.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Nonmetals are the 17 elements in the upper right hand corner of the periodic table. Therefore, the periodic table has far fewer of the elements listed in the right hand corner.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Elements are composed of atoms. Therefore, nonmetal atomic material is far fewer in number.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Elements are grouped into the Periodic Table. Therefore, nonmetal periodic table groups are far fewer in number.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Each element is either a metal, nonmetal, or metalloid. Therefore, elements that are not metal or metalloid are far fewer in number.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Nonmetals are the 17 elements in the upper right hand corner of the periodic table. Therefore, there are 17 nonmetals on the periodic table.
Nonmetal elements are far fewer in number. Elements to the right of the semiconductors are Nonmetals. Therefore, elements to the right of the semiconductors are far fewer in number.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. If there was a serious emergency, the team knows who has compatible blood types. Therefore, knowing who has compatible blood is important for medical reasons.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. Medical treatment is overseen by medical personnel. Therefore, hospital personnel may want to know your blood type.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. Treatment of cirrhosis is medical. Therefore, blood type is important for some treatments.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. Each of the four blood types, O, A, B and AB play an important role in patient care. Therefore, being type O A B or AB is important for medical reasons.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. Blood type is determined by inherited antigens and antibodies. Therefore, inherited antigens and antibodies are important for medical reasons.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. Of course, medical interventions go way beyond pills, bandages, and surgery. Therefore, blood type is important to know prior to surgery.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. Transplants are medical miracles. Therefore, blood type is important for Transplants.
Blood type is important for medical reasons. For medical advice, consult a doctor. Therefore, blood type is something that is important for a doctor to know.
Scientists still know relatively little about Archaea. Scientist do research every year. Therefore, people that do research still know relatively little about Archaea.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Some traits are inherited. Therefore, skin color is inherited.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Polygenic traits are the result of the interaction of several genes. Therefore, skin color is the result of the interaction of several genes.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Polygenic traits are controled by two or more genes. Therefore, skin color is controlled by two or more genes.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Polygenic inheritance occurs when one trait is governed by two or more sets of alleles. Therefore, skin color is governed by two or more sets of alleles.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Polygenic inheritance Polygenic traits are controlled by an unknown number of genes. Therefore, skin color is inherited from a number of genes.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Melanin is responsible for skin color. Therefore, melanin content is a polygenic trait.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Some traits are inherited. Therefore, skin color is inherited.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Polygenic traits are the result of the interaction of several genes. Therefore, skin color is the result of the interaction of several genes.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Skin color varies from grey to brown. Therefore, no matter if you are white or brown, this comes from a polygenic trait.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Chapter 5 discusses polygenic inheritance and intelligence. Therefore, intelligence is an inherited trait.
Skin color is a polygenic trait. Skin color is determined by the melanin pigment in the skin cells. Therefore, the amount of melanin pigment in skin is a polygenic trait.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Pregnancy begins with a fertilized egg. Therefore, a fertilized egg can create an offspring if it's carried until birth.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Births are the main component of population growth. Therefore, pregnancy leads to population growth.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Mothers choose to have sex, which leads to pregnancy. Therefore, mothers carry offspring from fertilization until birth.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Follows human development from fertilization through birth. Therefore, pregnancy is  embryonic development.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. An offspring is defined as something, or someone that comes into existence as a result of pregnancy. Therefore, pregnancy results from fertilization.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Infertility is also the inability to carry a pregnancy to full term. Therefore, carrying offspring to full term is from fertilization until birth.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Pregnancy is another word for gestation. Therefore, gestation is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. Most pregnancies end happily with the birth of a healthy baby. Therefore, carrying offspring from fertilization until birth results in a baby.
Pregnancy is the carrying of one or more offspring from fertilization until birth. An elephant pregnancy lasts about 22 months. Therefore, an elephant carries their offspring from fertilization until birth, 22 months later.
Boulders are formed by glaciers melting sometimes. Most of the crags are boulders. Therefore, most crags are formed by melting glaciers.
Boulders are formed by glaciers melting sometimes. Alpine glaciers form in the mountains. Therefore, boulders are formed in the mountains.
Boulders are formed by glaciers melting sometimes. Erratics are boulders that are deposited by glaciers as part of moraines. Therefore, erratics are formed by glaciers melting.
Boulders are formed by glaciers melting sometimes. Glaciers are made of snow, ice and rock. Therefore, boulders are formed by snow, ice, and rock melting sometimes.
Some pelycosaurs gave rise to a group of animals called therapsids. Pelycosaurs are an important lineage preserved in the fossil record. Therefore, the fossil record shows the lineage of therapsids.
Some pelycosaurs gave rise to a group of animals called therapsids. Pelycosaurs and therapsids are theropsids. Therefore, therapsids are animals.
Some pelycosaurs gave rise to a group of animals called therapsids. Tetraceratops is the oldest known therapsid. Therefore, tetraceratops are pelycosaurs.
Some pelycosaurs gave rise to a group of animals called therapsids. Therapsids are reptiles ancestral to mammals. Therefore, some pelycosaurs gave rise to a group of reptiles ancestral to mammals.
Some pelycosaurs gave rise to a group of animals called therapsids. Therapsids are reptiles ancestral to mammals. Therefore, some pelycosaurs gave rise to  reptile ancestral to mammals.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. And somewhere a beagle howls a most pitiful sound. Therefore, wolves use sound to warn other wolves.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Groups of indris communicate with mournful and distinctive howls. Therefore, wolves use distinct forms of communication.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Soon a chorus of howling coyotes join in and the whole area reverberates with noise. Therefore, reverberating noise is used to warn other wolves by wolves.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Gray wolves are the largest members of the canine family. Therefore, howling is used by canines to warn others.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Warnings and cautions are there for a good reason. Therefore, howling is used to caution other wolves by wolves.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Canis lupus is the same species that includes grey wolves. Therefore, members.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Wolves communicate with each other using the different pitches of their howl. Therefore, wolves warn other wolves by using different pitches.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Canis lupus is the same species that includes grey wolves. Therefore, canis lupus howl.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Wolves are distinguished from other wild canines by their size. Therefore, wild canines use howling to warn others.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Warning means danger. Therefore, wolves howl when there is danger.
Howling is used to warn other wolves by wolves. Like people, wolves are social. Therefore, howling is used to warn other social animals.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Dirt is an abrasive like sandpaper. Therefore, abrasives are used to smooth wooden objects.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Pavement smoothness is a lack of roughness. Therefore, sandpaper is used to remove roughness.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. For the casual look, try using a wooden picnic table. Therefore, sandpaper can be used to smooth tables.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. To remove paint, use sandpaper. Therefore, sandpaper removes paint.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. All objects, even wooden tables, are made up of molecules which vibrate to create their mass. Therefore, sand paper is used to smooth a table.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Scrap wood can be used for cheap wooden bins. Therefore, sandpaper is used to smooth objects made of wood.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Drum sticks are of wooden cane. Therefore, sandpaper is used to smooth drum sticks.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Coarse grit sandpaper works well. Therefore, coarse grit is used to smooth wooden objects.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Children can easily make log cabins and other structures from the tiny wooden logs. Therefore, sandpaper is used to smooth log cabins.
Sandpaper is used to smooth wooden objects. Traditionally, wooden objects are used in decoupage. Therefore, sandpaper is used to smooth decoupage.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. Propulsion means to push forward or drive an object forward. Therefore, a push forward is used for flying by a spacecraft.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. Earth-orbiting spacecraft are called satellites. Therefore, propulsion is used for flying satellites.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. And thrust is generated by the propulsion system of the aircraft. Therefore, a thrusting energy is used for flying.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. Apollo 13 spacecraft is launched. Therefore, propulsion is used for flying by Apollo 13.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. All rockets operate on the same basic principles of propulsion. Therefore, spacecrafts can fly with rockets.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. When Apollo 12 took off, the spacecraft was hit by lightning. Therefore, propulsion is used for flying by Apollo 12.
Propulsion is used for flying by a spacecraft. Apollo 13 spacecraft is launched. Therefore, propulsion was used for flying Apollo 13.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Some fats are more likely to cause heart disease. Therefore, butter can lead to heart disease.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Eggs, butter or margarine keep in the cooler as they do in the refrigerator. Therefore, fat that is a solid at room temperature can be kept in the cooler.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Butter contains saturated fats. Therefore, saturated fat is solid at room temperature.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Saturated fats are solid at room temperature. Therefore, butter is a saturated fat.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Saturated fats are solid at room temperature. Therefore, saturated fats make butter solid at ambient temperatures.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Room temperatures, 70-75 degrees Fahrenheit or so, seem acceptable to most species. Therefore, butter is a fat that is solid at 70-75 degrees Fahrenheit.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Room temperatures between 40 and 80 Fahrenheit, or 5 and 27 Celsius, are best for storage. Therefore, butter is a fat that is a solid between 5 and 27 degrees Celsius.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. For example, butter is solid at room temperature, therefore it is mainly saturated. Therefore, saturated fat is solid at room temperature.
Butter is a fat that is a solid at room temperature. Solids are composed of closely packed molecules. Therefore, butter is a fat that is composed of closely packed molecules at room temperature.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. After a meal, the gallbladder releases the bile through a passageway called the bile duct. Therefore, one function of the gallbladder is to reduce the acidity of food.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile, a fluid made by the liver, is stored in the gallbladder. Therefore, the gallbladder stores a fluid that reduces the acidity of food.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile exits gallbladder by common bile duct. Therefore, the gallbladder reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile, produced by the liver, helps fat digestion and absorption. Therefore, the liver helps reduce acidity of food.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile acid is used by the body to digest fats. Therefore, the stomach acidity helps digest fats.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile , synthesized by the liver, contains HCO3-, bile salts and bile pigments. Therefore, the liver reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Normally, bile acid pours into the stomach to help absorb fats from foods. Therefore, bile reduces acidity and helps to absorb fats from foods.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile , synthesized by the liver, contains HCO3-, bile salts and bile pigments. Therefore, the liver plays a role in reducing the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Normally, bile acid pours into the stomach to help absorb fats from foods. Therefore, bile absorbs fats.
Bile reduces the acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach. Bile from the liver contains bile salts and many organic substances but no enzymes. Therefore, the liver helps reduce acidity of food entering from the highly acidic stomach.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Hormones act as chemical messengers. Therefore, most chemical messengers are regulated by feedback mechanisms.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Hormonal production is regulated by enzymes. Therefore, enzymes control hormones.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Hormones are chemical messengers in the body. Therefore, most chemical messengers in the body are regulated by feedback mechanisms.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Hormones are chemical messengers in the body. Therefore, chemical messengers in the body are regulated by feedback mechanisms.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Hormones help the body manage stress. Therefore, managing the body's stress is regulated by feedback mechanisms.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Female hormone is estrogen. Therefore, estrogen is regulated by feedback mechanisms.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Feedback mechanisms are necessary to control uncertainty. Therefore, most hormones are regulated by necessarily controlling uncertainty.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Hormones regulate pancreatic secretions. Therefore, feedback mechanisms regulate pancreatic secretions.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Homeostasis involves negative feedback mechanisms. Therefore, hormones are regulated by homeostasis.
Most hormones are regulated by feedback mechanisms. Much hormonal regulation depends on feedback loops to maintain balance and homeostasis. Therefore, hormones maintain balance with feedback loops.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Nutrients are elements needed for growth in all living plants and animals. Therefore, the small intestine is needed for humans to grow and live.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Structurally, the small intestine is a tubular organ. Therefore, absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in a tubular organ.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. GI dysfunction can inhibit Mg absorption from the small intestine. Therefore, absorption of magnesium occurs in the GI tract.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Diarrhea reduces the absorption of all nutrients. Therefore, diarrhea reduces funtcion that occurs mainly in the small intestine.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Absorption takes place in the small intestine. Therefore, nutrients are absorbed in the small intestine.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Food is the best source of nutrients for the body. Therefore, the small intestine is the main place where food absorption occurs.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Most foods contain several nutrients. Therefore, absorption of food occurs mainly in the small intestine.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Dozens of drugs inhibit nutrient absorption or deplete nutrients. Therefore, many drugs can inhibit the actions of the small intestine.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Food and minerals are both nutrients. Therefore, absorption of minerals occurs mainly in the small intestine.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Fat, like protein, is a nutrient. Therefore, absorption of fat and protein occurs mainly in the small intestine.
Absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in the small intestine. Structurally, the small intestine is a tubular organ. Therefore, absorption of nutrients occurs mainly in a tubular organ.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. What semen is, is a carrier for the sperm contained in it. Therefore, semen is deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Erection is necessary to carry the ejaculate containing the sperm into the vagina. Therefore, sperm is deposited after ejaculate is carried during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. During intercourse several hundred million sperm are released inside the vagina. Therefore, millions of sperm are deposited during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. During intercourse several hundred million sperm are released inside the vagina. Therefore, several hundred million sperms are released during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Once sperm is deposited in the vagina , it travels through the cervix and into the Fallopian tubes. Therefore, intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Male sperm are made in a man's testes. Therefore, something made in the testes is deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Male gametes are called sperm. Therefore, male gametes are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Male gametes are called sperm. Therefore, male gametes are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Pregnancy is evidence of sexual intercourse. Therefore, sperm is deposited in the vagina sometimes causing pregnancy.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Women have a vagina. Therefore, during sex, sperm is deposited into the woman's reproductive organ.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Sexual union is for pleasure and closeness and for procreation. Therefore, sperm are deposited in the vagina during procreation.
Sperm are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse. Male gametes are sperm. Therefore, male gametes are deposited in the vagina during sexual intercourse.
Sperm are released into the surrounding water through the osculum. Male gametes are called sperm. Therefore, male gametes are released into the surrounding water through the osculum.
Sperm are released into the surrounding water through the osculum. Male gametes are sperm. Therefore, male gametes are released into the surrounding water through the osculum.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Bush and forest fires cause enormous damage to vegetation and wildlife. Therefore, lightning can cause damage to vegetation and wildlife.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Forest fires are bad for the environment. Therefore, lightning can be bad for the environment.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. All thunderstorms contain lightning. Therefore, thunderstorms can cause forest fires.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Like fire cleaning out a forest, it leads to new growth and revitalization. Therefore, lightning can cause new growth and revitalization in a forest.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Lightning is very common during storms. Therefore, forest fires can be caused by thunder storms.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Lightning, overall, is a major cause of fires. Therefore, lightning ignites fires.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Forest fires are examples of wildfires. Therefore, wildfires are caused by lightning.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Forest fires are examples of wildfires. Therefore, lightning can cause a wildfire.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Until the town was destroyed by the forest fire. Therefore, lightning can destroy towns.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Forest fires are examples of wildfires. Therefore, lightning can cause a wildfire.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Summer storms kick up huge clouds of dust and lightning ignites brush fires. Therefore, storms cause fires in the woods.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Static electricity is the cause of lightning. Therefore, static electricity can cause a forest fire.
Lightning can cause a forest fire. Forests are often at risk of being destroyed by forest fires. Therefore, lightning can cause forests to be destroyed.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. Hearing is the act of perceiving sound. Therefore, the speed of hearing changes depending on the material passed through.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. Sound vibrations travel at different speeds through different materials. Therefore, the type of material through which sound passes changes the sound vibrations.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. Sound waves are mechanical waves. Therefore, the type of material through which mechanical waves pass change the speed at which they travel.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. Sound vibrations travel at different speeds through different materials. Therefore, sound moves through different materials at different rates.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. Refraction is the effect on a wave when there are changes in a medium. Therefore, differences in the speed of sound cause sound waves to be refracted when passing between different media.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. On a molecular level, a fibrous material can also slow the speed of transmission of sound. Therefore, sound passing through a fibrous material will slow down.
The type of material through which sound passes changes the speed at which sound travels. Sound, a type of energy, is produced by vibrations and travels in waves. Therefore, the type of material through which waves passes changes the speed at which waves move.
Negative feedback controls insulin secretion by the pancreas. Glucose stimulates the pancreas to secrete insulin through negative feedback. Therefore, glucose makes the pancreas secrete insulin.
Negative feedback controls insulin secretion by the pancreas. Feedback inhibition is an example of common biological control mechanism called negative feedback. Therefore, feedback  inhibition controls insulin secretion by the pancreas.
Negative feedback controls insulin secretion by the pancreas. Islet cells are located in the pancreas. Therefore, islet cells are located where insulin secretion happens.
Sponges are filter feeders. Filter feeders, they eat krill and plankton. Therefore, sponges eat  plankton.
Sponges are filter feeders. Bottom dwelling organisms such as coral, urchins, and sponges provide a colorful backdrop. Therefore, bottom dwelling organisms can be filter feeders.
Sponges are filter feeders. Filter feeders, they eat krill and plankton. Therefore, sponges eat krill and plankton.
Sponges are filter feeders. Clams are filter feeders and thus trap and filter out their food as the water passes by. Therefore, sponges trap and filter out food as water passes by.
Sponges are filter feeders. Since mussels are filter-feeders, they clean water as they feed. Therefore, sponges clean the water.
Sponges are filter feeders. Since mussels are filter-feeders, they clean water as they feed. Therefore, sponges clean the water as they feed.
Sponges are filter feeders. Clams are filter feeders and thus trap and filter out their food as the water passes by. Therefore, sponges trap and filter out their food as the water passes by.
Sponges are filter feeders. Filter feeders, they eat krill and plankton. Therefore, sponges eat krill and plankton.
Sponges are filter feeders. Since mussels are filter-feeders, they clean water as they feed. Therefore, sponges clean water.
Sponges are filter feeders. Baleen whales are filter feeders. Therefore, baleen whales and sponges eat in similar ways.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Dogs and humans are symbiotic species. Therefore, mutualism exists between dogs and humans.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Domestication of animals is an example of a symbiotic relationship. Therefore, domestication of animals is an example of Mutualism.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Domestication of animals is an example of a symbiotic relationship. Therefore, domestication of animals is an example of mutualism.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Coral and alga have a symbiotic relationship. Therefore, the interaction between coral and alga is an example of mutualism.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Mutualism is an association between two different species which benefits each species. Therefore, a symbiotic relationship is an association between two different species which benefits each species.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Out of the 8,400,000 different species of living beings, there are 400,000 human species. Therefore, mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both living beings benefit.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Symbiotic microbes live in the mussels' gills. Therefore, mutualism is a relationship like that of microbes and mussels in which both species benefit.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Coral and alga have a symbiotic relationship. Therefore, coral and alga both benefit from mutualism.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Symbiotic relationships are common and add to the complexity of species interactions. Therefore, mutualism adds to the complexity of species interactions.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Males have individual territories Has mutually beneficial symbiotic relationship with oxpecker bird. Therefore, oxpecker birds help other species benefit.
Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit. Another symbiotic relationship is found with cucumbers and corn. Therefore, cucumbers and corn possess a mutualism in which both species benefit.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Moving into adolescence, rapid changes occur. Therefore, rapid changes occur in the last stage of life before adulthood.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Adolescence begins with puberty. Therefore, the last stage of life before adulthood begins with puberty.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Life is very complex for the adolescent. Therefore, the last stage of life before adulthood is very complex.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. For many, adolescence is synonymous with puberty. Therefore, soon after puberty, the adult life stage begins.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Adolescence begins with puberty. Therefore, puberty begins the last stage of life before adulthood.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Adolescence begins with puberty. Therefore, the last stage of life before adulthood begins with puberty.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Adolescence is a pivotal stage of human development. Therefore, the last stage before adulthood is a pivotal later stage of human development.
Adolescence is the last stage of life before adulthood. Adolescence is a fascinating and crazy time of life. Therefore, adolescence is a crazy time before adulthood.
Phylogeny is the evolutionary history of a group of related organisms. Classification can be based on phylogeny. Therefore, classification can be based in the evolutionary history of a group of related organisms.
Phylogeny is the evolutionary history of a group of related organisms. Much of evolutionary biology involves the history of organic diversity. Therefore, phylogeny is the history and organic diversity of related organisms.
Phylogeny is the evolutionary history of a group of related organisms. Metazoan phylogeny Phylogeny of phyla is poorly understood. Therefore, the evolutionary history of metazoas is poorly understood.
Phylogeny is the evolutionary history of a group of related organisms. An organism's behavior is related to the organism's environment. Therefore, phylogeny may explain the evolutionary part of organism's environment.
Phylogeny is the evolutionary history of a group of related organisms. Metazoan phylogeny Phylogeny of phyla is poorly understood. Therefore, a group of related organisms is a phyla.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Speed is in miles per hour and distance is in miles with yards as a sub-measure. Therefore, speedometers are used to give a driver feedback on how many miles per hour their vehicle goes.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Odometers and speedometers measure distance and speed. Therefore, a speedometer measures the rate of travel.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Speed is the measure of motion. Therefore, a speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the measure of motion of their vehicle.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Speedometer now shows maximum speed of 90 mph. Therefore, speedometer shows the driver the vehicle's MPH.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Vehicles reduce speed at road bends. Therefore, a speedometer can help a driver navigate road bends.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Speed is the magnitude of velocity. Therefore, a speedometer is used for giving feedback on the velocity of a vehicle.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Vehicle speed is checked by radar. Therefore, a speedometer should give the same reading as radar.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Odometers and speedometers measure distance and speed. Therefore, an odometer is used to measures distances.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Average vehicle speed rises by only 0.3 miles per hour. Therefore, a speedometer measures miles per hour.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, a driver feeds feedback on the speed of their car with a speedometer.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Odometers and speedometers measure distance and speed. Therefore, a speedometer tells the driver how fast the vehicle is going.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Certainly, no driver wants to get a speeding ticket. Therefore, a driver uses a speedometer to avoid getting a ticket.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Excessive speed is a factor in many accidents. Therefore, a speedometer can help prevent accidents.
A speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their vehicle. Trucks and cars are vehicles. Therefore, a speedometer is used for giving a driver feedback on the speed of their truck.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Polar bears grow fur to survive in the cold. Therefore, a polar bear grows fur to survive in its environment.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Polar bears primarily eat seals. Therefore, seals live in a cold environment.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Polar bears have two layers of fur for further protection from the cold. Therefore, polar bears have two layers of fur to live in their environment.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Polar bears live in the Arctic. Therefore, environment.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Cold weather, it is winter and it is snowing. Therefore, polar bears require a winter environment with snow.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Lynx live in cold, snowy environments. Therefore, lynx and polar bears have similar climate requirements.
A polar bear requires a cold environment. Arctic air masses are exceedingly cold, with the Arctic Ocean as their source region. Therefore, a polar bear can live in the Arctic.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. When a hurricane hits land, it loses heat and moisture and weakens. Therefore, as a hurricane decreases in strength, it loses heat and moisture.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. Large bodies of land are called continents. Therefore, when hurricanes move over continents, their strength decreases.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. Hurricanes grow strength from warm waters. Therefore, hurricanes are worse over warm water and weaker over land.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. Hurricanes are divided into five categories of strength based on the Saffir-Simpson scale. Therefore, when a hurricane moves over land it drops on the Saffir-Simpson scale.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. Hurricanes are extremely dangerous storms. Therefore, when extremely dangerous storms move over land, they decrease in strength.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. Hurricanes form over the warm tropical water in ocean and die down when they move over land. Therefore, hurricanes form over the warm tropical water in ocean decrease strength on ground.
When a hurricane moves over land , that hurricane will decrease in strength. Hurricanes A hurricane is a type of tropical cyclone. Therefore, when a tropical cyclone moves over land, it will decrease in strength.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. Blood is a connective tissue and it carries and delivers oxygen and nutrient to tissues. Therefore, blood is a fluid tissue that delivers oxygen and nutrients to other tissues.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. Connective tissue is classed as visco-elastic. Therefore, blood is classed as visco-elastic.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. Blood is pulsed through the body. Therefore, fluid connective tissue is pulsed through the body.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. All tissues and fluids in our body contain minerals. Therefore, blood in our body contains minerals.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. Liquids A fluid is any substance that flows, and liquids are examples of fluids. Therefore, blood is a liquid connective tissue.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. Blood carries oxygen to the brain. Therefore, a fluid connective tissue carries oxygen to the brain.
Blood is a fluid connective tissue. Connective tissue cancers are rare. Therefore, blood cancers are rare.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Ocean waves travel on the surface of the water. Therefore, a compass is used to travel on the surface of the water.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Magnets are used in compasses. Therefore, magnets are used to navigate oceans.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Largest of the oceans on Earth is the Pacific Ocean. Therefore, a compass is used to navigate the Pacific.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. On moonless nights they navigate solely with the geomagnetic compass. Therefore, oceans can be navigated even on moonless nights.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. And to the east is the Atlantic Ocean. Therefore, a compass is used to navigate the Atlantic.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Navigation by compass is especially difficult during a magnetic storm. Therefore, navigating the oceans can be more difficult during a magnetic storm.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Map navigators tend to use Grid North, or Magnetic north as as default. Therefore, a compass is used to find magnetic north.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. And to the east is the Atlantic Ocean. Therefore, a compass is used to navigate the Atlantic.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Magnets are used in compasses. Therefore, magnets are used to navigate oceans.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Magnets are used in compasses. Therefore, magnets are used to navigate oceans.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Largest of the oceans on Earth is the Pacific Ocean. Therefore, compass.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Nautical charts are used by mariners and boaters to safely navigate on the ocean. Therefore, mariners use the compass to travel the ocean.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Direction is in degrees from north as measured by a compass. Therefore, direction in degrees is used to navigate oceans.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Magnetism is that thing that happens with magnets and compasses and the earth. Therefore, magnetism is used to navigate oceans.
A compass is used to navigate oceans. Large ocean-going vessels use a gyrocompass as their steering compass. Therefore, compasses are used for steering.
Precipitation increases moisture. And precipitation amounts depend on the rate at which moisture condenses. Therefore, the amount of precipitation depends on condensation.
Precipitation increases moisture. Rain is also known as precipitation. Therefore, rain increases moisture.
Precipitation increases moisture. Rain is liquid precipitation. Therefore, rain increases moisture.
Precipitation increases moisture. Local precipitation increases sharply with altitude. Therefore, moisture increases sharply with altitude.
Precipitation increases moisture. Rain is liquid precipitation. Therefore, rain increases moisture.
Precipitation increases moisture. Rain is liquid precipitation. Therefore, rain increases moisture.
Precipitation increases moisture. Moisture conditions range from damp to dry. Therefore, precipitation increases conditions from dry to damp.
Precipitation increases moisture. Moisture is a necessary ingredient for the production of clouds and precipitation. Therefore, clouds are necessary for precipitation.
Precipitation increases moisture. Rain is liquid precipitation. Therefore, rain increases moisture.
Precipitation increases moisture. Most precipitation occurs as rainfall. Therefore, rainfall increases moisture.
Precipitation increases moisture. All precipitation amounts are in inches. Therefore, moisture is measured in inches.
Precipitation increases moisture. Moisture is related to the electrical conductivity, which increases with increasing moisture levels. Therefore, the electrical conductivity of wood increases after precipitation falls on it.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Black widow spiders construct funnel-shaped webs. Therefore, black widows use webs to capture food.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spiders inject venom into the body of a captured insect to paralyze it. Therefore, eight legged arachnid capture food with a web and inject venom to paralyze it to eat.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Crab spiders spin no webs. Therefore, a web is a tool to capture food.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spiders usually eat insects. Therefore, webs capture insects.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Web spinning spiders spin webs to catch insects. Therefore, spiders catch insects by spinning.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spiders have eight legs. Therefore, webs are built to capture food by eight legged creatures.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spider webs are interesting traps. Therefore, a spider uses traps to capture food.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spiders are also arachnids. Therefore, a web is used to capture food by arachnids.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Cobweb spiders construct webs in corners and areas of little traffic such as basements. Therefore, a cobweb is used to capture food.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Larger numbers of spiders and spider webs means there are many insects available for food. Therefore, a spider web is used to capture insects by spiders.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spiders are the largest group of arachnids. Therefore, some arachnids capture food with a web.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders. Spiders build webs from silk produced in their abdomen. Therefore, spiders use silk to capture food.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Flagellates are the smallest of the protozoa and use a few whip like flagella to move. Therefore, flagellates are small protozoa.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. For ease of identification, cotton seedlings are classified into the following three categories. Therefore, protozoa can be identified by how they move.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Cilia wave in a coordinated way to move the protozoa in one direction. Therefore, cilia wave to move.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Paramecium are protozoa, single celled animals. Therefore, paramecium can be classified on how they move.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Paramecium are protozoa, single celled animals. Therefore, single celled animals can be classified on the basis of how they move.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Paramecium are protozoa, single celled animals. Therefore, single celled animals can be classified on the basis of how they move.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Cryptosporidium parvum is the hardest protozoa to kill. Therefore, animals like cyptosporidium are often classified on how they move.
Protozoa can be classified on the basis of how they move. Ciliates are ciliated protozoa. Therefore, ciliates can be classified on the basis of how they move.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Chromoplasts contain red or yellow xanthophyll pigments in large amounts. Therefore, chromoplasts make and store red or yellow colors in large amounts.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Pigments give color to paint. Therefore, chromoplasts give color to paint.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Chromoplasts are red, yellow or orange in hue due to the cartenoid pigments they contain. Therefore, chromoplasts are red, yellow or orange in hue and make and store colors.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Chromoplasts are found in many flower petals and fruits. Therefore, flower petals and fruits make and store pigments.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Chromoplasts are found in many flower petals and fruits. Therefore, flowers contain pigments.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Pigments give color to paint. Therefore, chromoplasts make and store the same thing that gives color to paint.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Pigments are substances that absorb visible light. Therefore, chromoplasts store substances that absorb visible light.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Chromoplasts are red, yellow or orange in hue due to the cartenoid pigments they contain. Therefore, chromoplasts are hued.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Pigments are colorful compounds. Therefore, chromoplasts make and store colorful compounds.
Chromoplasts make and store pigments. Chromoplasts contain red or yellow xanthophyll pigments in large amounts. Therefore, chromoplasts make red coloring.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Honey bees are very social in that they all live together in home, or apiary. Therefore, nectar is converted into honey in an apiary.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Butterflies feed on nectar produced by flowers. Therefore, bees need flowers to make honey.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Bees change nectar in the beehive. Therefore, honey is changed in the beehive.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Flowers are the source of nectar for a preferred honey. Therefore, bees get nectar from flowers.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Flowers secrete nectar. Therefore, bees convert flower secretion into honey.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Tea with honey is good. Therefore, bees convert nectar into something for tea.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Bees move from flower to flower, gathering nectar. Therefore, bees make honey from what they gather from flowers.
Bees convert nectar into honey. Nectar is in flowers, trees and hummingbird feeders. Therefore, bees gather material to make honey from flowers and trees.
Hagfish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. Today, jawless fish include the lampreys and hagfishes. Therefore, some jawless fish secrete large amounts of thick, slimy mucus.
Hagfish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. Today, jawless fish include the lampreys and hagfishes. Therefore, some jawless fish secrete large amounts of thick, slimy mucus.
Hagfish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. Hagfishes are entirely marine, very slimy, and feed on carrion and injured fishes. Therefore, hagfish secrete large amounts of mucus.
Hagfish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. Hagfishes are entirely marine, very slimy, and feed on carrion and injured fishes. Therefore, marine environments have thick, slimy mucus.
Hagfish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. Today, jawless fish include the lampreys and hagfishes. Therefore, some living jawless fish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus.
Hagfish are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. Hagfish and lampreys have no internal hard tissues at all. Therefore, creatures that have no internal hard tissues at all are noted for secreting large amounts of thick, slimy mucus.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Earthquakes are caused by movement of the tectonic plates. Therefore, mountains are formed by movement of the tectonic plates.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Earthquakes are the results of moving plates. Therefore, mountains are formed by moving plates.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. For big mountain background, check out the Himalayas. Therefore, earthquakes.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Earthquakes are the results of moving plates. Therefore, mountains are formed by moving plates.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Earthquakes are the results of moving plates. Therefore, mountains are formed by moving plates.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Many mountains are formed through uplifting. Therefore, earthquakes can cause uplifting to occur.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. For mountains one goes to the Alps. Therefore, earthquakes.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Here the rocks have been uplifted along earthquake faults to make a mountain. Therefore, rocks lift to make mountains.
Mountains are formed by earthquakes. Japan is an earthquake-prone country. Therefore, japan has a lot of mountains.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Enzymes are chemicals involved in digestion. Therefore, enzymes are in the small intestine.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Celiac disease damages the small intestine and interferes with nutrient absorption. Therefore, celiac disease interferes with chemical digestion.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Chemical digestion and absorption of food occurs in the small intestine. Therefore, chemical absorption happens in the small intestine.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Chemical digestion breaks complex chemicals into simple ones. Therefore, breaking complex chemicals into simple ones occurs mainly in the small intestine.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Enzymes are chemicals involved in digestion. Therefore, enzymes involved in digestion occur mainly in the small intestine.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Lactobacillus is present in the small intestine. Therefore, lactobacillus aids chemical digestion.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Physicians often call the intestines the bowels. Therefore, chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small bowel.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Enzymes are chemicals involved in digestion. Therefore, enzymes are located in the small intestine.
Chemical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine. Chemical digestion breaks complex chemicals into simple ones. Therefore, complex chemicals break down into simple ones mainly in the small intestine.
Seconds are used to measure time. CPU time is measured in seconds. Therefore, cPU time can be used as a clock.
Seconds are used to measure time. An accounting period is simply a period of time. Therefore, seconds are used to measure a period.
Seconds are used to measure time. Stopwatch was used to measure time. Therefore, a stopwatch is used to measure seconds.
Seconds are used to measure time. Speed is measured by the distance covered divided by the elapsed time. Therefore, seconds can be used to measure Speed.
Whiskers are used for feeling by animals. Whiskers Whiskers are the stiff hairs on the dog's face. Therefore, stiff hairs on the face are used for feeling by animals.
Whiskers are used for feeling by animals. Whiskers Whiskers are the stiff hairs on the dog's face. Therefore, stiff hairs on the dog's face are used for feeling.
Whiskers are used for feeling by animals. All cats are animals. Therefore, cats use specialized long hair on their faces to feel with.
Whiskers are used for feeling by animals. Another name for it is cat's whiskers. Therefore, cats have body parts for feeling.
Whiskers are used for feeling by animals. All cats are animals. Therefore, whiskers are used for feeling by cats.
Whiskers are used for feeling by animals. Hair, whiskers, claws, and hooves are also made of keratin. Therefore, tissue made of keratin is used for feeling by animals.
A watch is used for measuring time. Times are measured in seconds. Therefore, a watch can be used to measure seconds.
A watch is used for measuring time. All times are measured in seconds. Therefore, a watch is used for measuring seconds.
A watch is used for measuring time. Today's Rolex is tomorrow's cheap gold watch. Therefore, time.
A watch is used for measuring time. Time is measured using hours, seconds, and minutes. Therefore, a watch measures hours, seconds, and minutes.
A watch is used for measuring time. Time management is the science of how to use the hours in a day more efficiently. Therefore, a watch is needed for scientific research.
A watch is used for measuring time. Time is measured in minutes. Therefore, a watch is used for measuring minutes.
A watch is used for measuring time. Times are measured in seconds. Therefore, watches must keep track of seconds.
A watch is used for measuring time. Probably the easiest way to see time is to watch the ticking hands of a clock. Therefore, ticking hands are used for measuring time.
A watch is used for measuring time. Time refers to the speed of movements. Therefore, a watch can be used  for measuring speed of movements.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Bacteria and viruses are microbes. Therefore, any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with live microbes.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Bacteria eat and bacteria digest foods. Therefore, a surface not sterilized is likely to be covered with something that eats and digests foods.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Bacteria and viruses that make people sick can be passed on our hands. Therefore, any surface that has not been sterilized can make people sick.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Bacteria are single cell microorganism. Therefore, any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with single cell microorganisms.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Surfaces can be steamed cleaned and sterilized. Therefore, any surface that has not been cleaned is likely to be covered with bacteria.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Raw meat is loaded with harmful bacteria. Therefore, surfaces where raw meat has been should be sterilized.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. All countertop surfaces are natural stone. Therefore, any countertop that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Every surface was scrubbed with bleach. Therefore, any area that has not been scrubbed with bleach is likely to be covered with bacteria.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Bacteria can cause infection. Therefore, any surface that has not been sterilized could result in infection.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Bacteria are the smallest of microscopic organisms. Therefore, any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with microscopic organisms.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Clean, sterilized contacts are less likely to breed bacteria. Therefore, sterilizing a surface reduces bacteria.
Any surface that has not been sterilized is likely to be covered with bacteria. Potent liquid sterilant kills AIDS and other viruses on surfaces. Therefore, use sterilant in order to sterilize a table.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Tooth decay is a destruction of the tooth enamel. Therefore, fluoride decreases the destruction of the enamel.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Tooth decay can be very painful, and can make teeth unsightly. Therefore, fluoride decreases the potential for tooth pain.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Tooth decay is a destruction of the tooth enamel. Therefore, fluoride prevents destruction of tooth enamel.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Tooth decay is a destruction of the tooth enamel. Therefore, flouride prevents the destruction of tooth enamel.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Cavities are also known as carries and tooth decay. Therefore, fluoride reduces cavity formation.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Fluorides are the salts of hydrofluoric acid. Therefore, the salts of hydrofluoric acid decrease tooth decay.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Virtually all water contains fluoride. Therefore, water decreases tooth decay.
Fluoride decreases tooth decay. Humans get most of their fluoride in drinking water. Therefore, drinking water decreases tooth decay.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. Differentiation is the specialization of a cell line. Therefore, specializing occurs with differentiation.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. Neurons are specialized cells. Therefore, differentiation is the process by which neurons are created.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. How plant cells become specialized during development. Therefore, differentiation is how plants become specialized during development.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. All hair cells require Brn3.1 for differentiation. Therefore, hair becomes specialized through differentiation.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. Cells are the basic unit of life. Therefore, differentiation is the process by which unspecialized basic units of life become specialized.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. Nerve cells are large, complicated, highly specialized cells. Therefore, differentiation is essential to nerve cell development.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. Neurones are highly specialized cells. Therefore, differentiation is the process by which neurones are created.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. T helper cells differentiate to Memory cells and effector cells. Therefore, cells.
Differentiation is the process by which unspecialized cells become specialized. Methods and processes are activities. Therefore, differentiation is the method by which unspecialized cells become specialized.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Animals with backbones are called vertebrates. Therefore, backbones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Descendants of the early jawless fish are present today in the lampreys and hagfishes. Therefore, the earliest vertebrates were jawless fish.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Vertebrates are animals that have a backbone. Therefore, ancestors of hagfish probably had backbones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Hagfish and sharks are both isosmotic with their saline environments. Therefore, sharks are vertebrates.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Vertebrates are animals with backbones, such as horses. Therefore, ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest animals with backbones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Bone is found only in vertebrates. Therefore, ancestors of hagfish are thought to have the earliest bones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Bone is found only in vertebrates. Therefore, ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest creatures with bones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Vertebrates are animals with backbones. Therefore, ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest animals with backbones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Vertebrates are animals with backbones. Therefore, ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest animals with backbones.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Property of ancestors and forefathers can only be legally inherited by sons. Therefore, the forefathers of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. Hagfishes are a type of jawless fish which are the only parasitic vertebrates. Therefore, ancestors of a type of jawless fish which is parasitic are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates.
Ancestors of hagfish are thought to have been the earliest vertebrates. If animals have backbones, they are called a Vertebrate. Therefore, hagfish have a backbone.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Fish are the ultimate aquatic organism. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Fish are the ultimate aquatic organism. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Effects on Aquatic Organisms Triallate is highly toxic to fish and other aquatic organisms. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Moisturizing Secondly, moisturizing the skin is extremely important. Therefore, most aquatic organisms do not have to moisturize their skin.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Fish and other aquatic creatures are no exception. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with temperature or moisture extremes.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Fish are the ultimate aquatic organism. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Fish are the ultimate aquatic organism. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Fish are the ultimate aquatic organism. Therefore, most fish do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture.
Most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or moisture. Wetting provides moisture to make brine. Therefore, most aquatic organisms do not have to deal with extremes of temperature or wetness.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. When iron oxidizes, it rusts. Therefore, when iron oxidizes, that metal becomes orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Moisture can damage metal causing rusting and corrosion. Therefore, moisture can cause metal to become orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Iron rusts in the presence of oxygen and water. Therefore, oxygen and water will cause metal to turn orange.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Rust stains are the result of oxidation. Therefore, metal becomes orange on the surface as a  result of oxidation.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Moisture is the main cause of rust. Therefore, moisture can turn metal orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Chemically, iron is an active metal. Therefore, when iron rusts , iron becomes orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Iron oxide is rust. Therefore, when a metal contains iron oxide, it becomes orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Iron rusts in the presence of oxygen and water. Therefore, in the presence of oxygen and water, iron will become orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Metal turns to rust via oxidation. Therefore, oxidation makes metal orange.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Chemically, iron is an active metal. Therefore, when iron rusts it becomes orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Steel is the most useful of metals. Therefore, when steel rusts it becomes orange.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Cast-iron and steel surfaces are susceptible to corrosion in the form of rust. Therefore, cast-iron and steel surfaces are susceptible to becoming orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Yin metal is small metal, jewelery metal and decorative metal. Therefore, when jewelry rusts it may become orange on the surface.
When a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange on the surface. Water cause parts to rust, and even a very small amount of rust can damage injectors. Therefore, water causes metal surface to become orange.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Sound waves cause the eardrum to vibrate. Therefore, one can hear when sonic waves cause the eardrum to vibrate.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Nevertheless, the sharpest sounds are perceived in the brain. Therefore, noise is processed when it reaches the brain.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. For sound, the sense of hearing is used. Therefore, ears are used for hearing.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Sound waves make the ear drum vibrate. Therefore, when a wave reaches your ear, your ear drum vibrates and you can hear it.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Music is sound, sound is energy. Therefore, when music reaches the ear that music can be heard.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Music is sound, sound is energy. Therefore, when music reaches the ear, it can be heard.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Music is basically sound produced by vibrations. Therefore, when vibrations reach the ear, music can be heard.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. Otoacoustic emissions are sounds the ear generates. Therefore, the vibrations that reach the ear to make noise are Otoacoustic.
When sound reaches the ear , that sound can be heard. When the vibrations reach our ears, they are changed into sounds. Therefore, when vibrations reach our ears, they can be heard.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. For ranking the hardness of minerals, the Mohs scale is generally used. Therefore, scale.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Most gem stones are hard minerals. Therefore, you can measure the hardness of a gem stone by scratching it.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Minerals are classified by their hardness. Therefore, classifying minerals requires scratching those materials.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Diamonds are so hard because of the shape of a diamond's structure. Therefore, measuring diamonds requires scratching them.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Most gem stones are hard minerals. Therefore, measuring gem hardness requires scratching them.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. For ranking the hardness of minerals, the Mohs scale is generally used. Therefore, it.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Calcite is a very common mineral. Therefore, measuring the hardness of calcite requires scratching those materials.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Carbonate minerals, such as malachite, pearl, and rhodochrosite, are damaged by chemical attack. Therefore, measuring the hardness of a pearl requires scratching it.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Although a diamond is the hardest substance known to man, it can be chipped or scratched. Therefore, measuring the hardness of minerals requires chipping those materials.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Travel is required as necessary. Therefore, to measure the hardness of materials, scratching those materials is necessary.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Harder minerals can scratch softer minerals. Therefore, measuring hardness of minerals requires a harder mineral.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Moh's scale is used to describe a mineral's hardness. Therefore, getting a measurement on the Moh's scale requires scratching.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Another type of damage is a scratch. Therefore, measuring the hardness of minerals requires damaging them.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. Moh's scale is used to describe a mineral's hardness. Therefore, scratching a mineral is required to determine its place on Moh's scale.
Measuring the hardness of minerals requires scratching those materials. To figure out the hardness of a mineral, the Moh's scale of hardness is used. Therefore, the Moh's scale of hardness is used by scratching the materials.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Images include satellite and infrared pictures. Therefore, satellites are used to take infrared pictures from space.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Meteorologists employ images from satellites to help forecast the weather. Therefore, satellites can help forecast the weather.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Images of Earth taken from space. Therefore, satellites are used to take images of Earth.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Satellite imagery gives a global perspective on the ozone hole. Therefore, images from space are used to study the ozone hole.
Satellites are used to take images from space. All photos are digital images. Therefore, satellites are used to take photos from space.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Images of Earth taken from space. Therefore, space.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Meteorologists rely on weather images from space. Therefore, meteorologists rely on satellites for data.
Satellites are used to take images from space. Satellite images are digital photographs. Therefore, satellites are used to take digital photographs from space.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Children are passengers too. Therefore, seat belts prevent injuries to children.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Seat belts save lives. Therefore, preventing injuries to passengers in cars saves lives.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Car accidents are a leading cause of death for children today. Therefore, seat belts can help prevent death.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Many injuries in crashes are caused by unbelted passengers colliding with other people in the car. Therefore, seat belts are used for avoiding injuries in crashes for passengers.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Helmets prevent injuries and death. Therefore, seat belts and helmets protect passengers.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. An injury is caused by an accident. Therefore, seat belts are important in the case of an accident.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Seat belts provide primary protection in all types of crashes. Therefore, car crashes can injure passengers.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Whiplash injuries are soft tissue injuries. Therefore, seat belts can prevent whiplash in cars.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles. Therefore, seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in vehicles.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Injuries to drivers and passengers increase when the vehicle swerves. Therefore, seatbelts can prevent injuries while swerving.
Seat belts are used for preventing injuries to passengers in cars. Waldron buckles with lead foil made up the seat belts. Therefore, waldron buckles with lead are used to prevent injuries to passengers in cars.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. An ecosystem is like a neighborhood in nature. Therefore, a wildfire changes a neighborhood in nature drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Humans start most wildfires. Therefore, humans can change ecosystems drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Fire is a natural part forest ecosystems. Therefore, a wildfire changes forests.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. An ecosystem is a community of species in a specific area. Therefore, a wildfire changes a community of species in a specific area drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Weather and wildfire are two of the forces that act within ecosystems. Therefore, weather is a force that changes an ecosystem drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Forest fires are examples of wildfires. Therefore, a forest fire can change an ecosystem.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Very large ecosystems are known as biomes. Therefore, a wildfire changes a biome drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Forest ecosystems are dynamic and ever changing. Therefore, a wildfire changes a forest drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Forest fires are examples of wildfires. Therefore, forest fires change an ecosystem drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Wildfires burn uncontrollably across Mexico, destroying rare plants and animals. Therefore, uncontrollable burning changes an ecosystem drastically.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Biomes are global ecosystems. Therefore, a wildfire can drastically change a biome.
A wildfire changes an ecosystem drastically. Wildfires scorch the West. Therefore, ecosystem.
Seeing requires light. When people look around everyday, they see color. Therefore, when people look around everyday, they require light.
Seeing requires light. Light is essential to vision. Therefore, seeing and vision are the same.
Seeing requires light. Light is simply the one form of radiation our eyes can see. Therefore, eyes require light.
Seeing requires light. Sight is the mere ability to see, and the eye's responses to light shining into it. Therefore, eyes require light shining into it.
Seeing requires light. Humans see with our eyes. Therefore, eyes require light.
Seeing requires light. Vision is our ability to see. Therefore, light is required for vision.
Seeing requires light. Light comes through the pupil. Therefore, seeing requires pupils.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Spacings are on center measurements, or the distance between each plant. Therefore, a meter stick is used to measure the space between.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Depths and distances are represented in meters. Therefore, a meter stick is used to measure meters.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Measure distances using a measuring device. Therefore, a meter stick is a measuring device.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Boat brokerages and dealerships are located within walking distance. Therefore, the path between the boat brokerages and dealership locations is measured by a meter stick.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Meter sticks have units called centimeters and millimeters. Therefore, centimeters and millimeters are units of distance.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. All distances are in meters , by the way. Therefore, a meter stick measures meters.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Each person is placed at a different distance from the object. Therefore, a meter stick is used to measure between a person and an object.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Meter stick is 100 cm. Therefore, 100 cm is a meter.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Meter stick is 100 cm. Therefore, a 100 cm stick is used to measure distance.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Space is a distance between. Therefore, a meter stick is used to measure space between things.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. Length refers to both the time of the ride and the distances available. Therefore, a meter stick is used to measure length.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. All distances are in feet. Therefore, a meter stick can be used to measure feet.
A meter stick is used to measure distance. How transaction measurements are calculated. Therefore, a meter stick is used to calculate distance.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Scientists know that ozone-destroying industrial chemicals are the major cause of ozone loss. Therefore, chemicals created a hole in the ozone over Antarctica.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Antarctica's ozone layer is threatened by depletion. Therefore, loss of ozone can mean an ozone hole.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Another sign of global warming is a hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica. Therefore, global warming has created an ozone hole.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone depletion causes global warming. Therefore, a hole over antarctica causes global warming.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone is a natural component of the atmosphere. Therefore, loss of a natural component of the atmosphere has created a hole over Antarctica.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone is a natural component of the atmosphere. Therefore, loss of a natural component of the atmosphere has created a hole over Antarctica.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone is produced by intense ultraviolet radiation in the upper stratosphere. Therefore, intense ultraviolet radiation in the upper stratosphere has created an ozone hole over Antarctica.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone loss is rapid. Therefore, ozone is disappearing rapidly.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone depletion allows more ultraviolet radiation, which causes skin cancer. Therefore, radiation.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone is a key atmospheric chemical and protective ultraviolet shield. Therefore, the hole over antarctica reduces ultraviolet shielding.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. An annual ozone hole over Antarctica has been observed since the 1980s. Therefore, loss of ozone has created a hole over the south pole.
Loss of ozone has created an ozone hole over Antarctica. Ozone is triatomic oxygen, O3. Therefore, loss of triatomic oxygen has created a triatomic oxygen hole over Antarctica.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. When plates collide, the earthquake is the result from the collision. Therefore, earthquakes can result in formation of high mountains with well-rounded peaks.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. Many earthquakes occur when the earth's crustal plates grind and shift along one another. Therefore, earthquakes can occur in areas with high mountains with well-rounded peaks.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. Plate tectonics is the gradual movement of crustal plates on the surface of the earth. Therefore, plate tectonics can form high mountains with well-rounded peaks.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. Tectonics is the study of crustal plates and their boundaries. Therefore, the formation of high mountains can be explained by the study of plate tectonics.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. Another phenomena associated with collision and subduction of the plates is earthquakes. Therefore, earthquakes form in the same way as high mountains.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. For big mountain background, check out the Himalayas. Therefore, plates.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. On Earth, volcanoes are found mainly along the colliding boundaries of great crustal plates. Therefore, volcanoes are likely to be found near high mountains.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. Tectonics is the study of crustal plates and their boundaries. Therefore, high mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of something studied by plate tectonics.
High mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of crustal plates. Tectonics is the study of crustal plates and their boundaries. Therefore, high mountains with well-rounded peaks can be formed by collision of plate tectonics.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. During infancy, babies learn whether to trust the world. Therefore, babies learn most during their rapid growth period.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Many babies are born with low birth weight. Therefore, infancy is the period of most rapid growth after being born.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Learning begins in infancy. Therefore, after birth, learning begins.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. While a baby is very young, during infancy, co-sleeping is very convenient for feeding schedules. Therefore, very young babies have the period of most rapid growth after birth.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. While a baby is very young, during infancy, co-sleeping is very convenient for feeding schedules. Therefore, babies are in the period of most rapid growth after birth.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. While a baby is very young, during infancy, co-sleeping is very convenient for feeding schedules. Therefore, the period of most rapid growth after birth is when they are a baby.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Infancy has three stages. Therefore, the three stages after birth are the period of most rapid growth in life.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Infancy and early childhood are times of rapid growth and development. Therefore, development is rapid in childhood.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Development means to get better, growth means to get bigger. Therefore, infancy is the period of most rapidly getting bigger after birth.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Infants are birth to one year. Therefore, the period of most rapid growth is the first year.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Infants, children, and teens have relatively high nutrition needs to fuel their rapid growth. Therefore, high nutrition is needed to fuel an infant's growth.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. When a person is born, a birth certificate is written up to record their birth. Therefore, infancy is the period of most rapid growth after being born.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Communication begins in infancy. Therefore, communication begins in the period of most rapid growth after birth.
Infancy is the period of most rapid growth after birth. Rapid growth means rapid advancement. Therefore, infancy is the period of most rapid advancement.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Salivary glands are located throughout the oral cavity. Therefore, food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from throughout the oral cavity.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Favorite food is steak. Therefore, steak is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Food enters the mouth and is partially broken down by chewing and by enzymes in saliva. Therefore, food is easier to chew because of enzymes in the mouth.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Besides, saliva contains digestive enzymes. Therefore, food is easier to chew due to digestive enzymes.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Salivary glands are found in the mouth. Therefore, food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from glands found in the mouth.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Brain food Bagels are brain food. Therefore, bagels get easier to chew by being moistened by saliva from the salivary glands.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Feeds are mixed with saliva in the mouth to make a moist bolus that can be easily swallowed. Therefore, a bolus is moistened food.
Food is easier to chew because it is moistened by saliva from the salivary glands. Saliva contributes more than 70 percent of the liquid in the rumen. Therefore, food is easier to chew because it is moistened by liquid.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Cow's Milk Cow's milk is designed for baby cows. Therefore, cows make nutritious fluid.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Fluids to prevent dehydration and a nutritious diet are also important. Therefore, milk is nutritious and prevents dehydration.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Fluid milk is fortified with vitamin D and rich in calcium. Therefore, milk is nutritious because it has vitamin D and calcium.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Breast milk is the ideal nutrition for a newborn. Therefore, newborns get nutrition from breasts.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Milk comes from Cows. Therefore, cows make nutritious fluid.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Milk shakes have milk. Therefore, milkshakes are a nutritious fluid.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Milk comes from Cows. Therefore, cows produce nutritious fluid.
Milk is a nutritious fluid. Fluids to prevent dehydration and a nutritious diet are also important. Therefore, milk prevents dehydration.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Parents take care of children. Therefore, birth may be followed by parental nurturing.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Among monogamous species of birds and mammals, both parents often care for their offspring. Therefore, the period of parental care after birth for manogamous species are handled by both parents.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Child' is ambiguous between 'offspring' and 'immature offspring'. Therefore, birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the child.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Human birth is the rarest of all births. Therefore, humans have a period of parental care of their offspring.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Females give birth to a single baby. Therefore, babies are offspring that most likely have parental care.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Each birth is as unique as the child that is born. Therefore, when a child is born, parents often take care of them.
Birth may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring. Each birth is as unique as the child that is born. Therefore, a child being born may be followed by a period of parental care of the offspring.
A scale is used for measuring weight. Results are measured in pounds. Therefore, scales are used to determine weight in pounds.
A scale is used for measuring weight. Dimensions are in inches, weights in pounds. Therefore, a scale measures pounds.
A scale is used for measuring weight. Weaning weight is expressed in pounds. Therefore, a scale is used for measuring pounds.
A scale is used for measuring weight. All weights are in grams. Therefore, a scale is used for measuring grams.
A scale is used for measuring weight. An object's weight is the force of gravity on that object. Therefore, a scale is used for measuring the force of gravity.
A scale is used for measuring weight. All weights are in kilograms. Therefore, a scale can measure kilograms.
A scale is used for measuring weight. All weight is in pounds. Therefore, a scale is used for measuring pounds.
A scale is used for measuring weight. Measure objects weight in grams. Therefore, a scale is used for measuring grams.
Lancelet larvae are free-swimming. Lancelets are small fishlike animals with tapered bodies. Therefore, larvae of small fishlike animals with tapered bodies are free-swimming.
Lancelet larvae are free-swimming. Once the water flows, dive in and swim through. Therefore, lancelet larvae live in water.
Lancelet larvae are free-swimming. Lancelets are small fishlike animals with tapered bodies. Therefore, small fishlike animals with tapered bodies are free-swimming.
Lancelet larvae are free-swimming. After eggs are fertilized, free-swimming larvae develop. Therefore, after lancelet eggs are fertilized, they develop so that they can navigate in the water themselves.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Boys enter puberty at about 12 years of age. Therefore, 12 years of age is when boys become sexually mature.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Wet dreams are a sign of puberty. Therefore, wet dreams are a sign of sexually maturity.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Adolescence begins with puberty. Therefore, humans become sexually mature during adolescence.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Growth usually ceases with puberty. Therefore, growth usually ceases when humans become sexually mature.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Breasts develop during puberty. Therefore, the breasts develop during the period when humans become sexually mature.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Breasts develop during puberty. Therefore, breasts develop when humans become sexually mature.
Puberty is the period during which humans become sexually mature. Before puberty, adolescents experience their highest nutritional demand since infancy. Therefore, before beginning sexual maturity, adolescents experience their highest nutritional demand since infancy.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Fractions are sometimes expressed as a percent. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display Fractions.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Pie charts are used predominantly to show percentages or parts of a whole. Therefore, pie charts are circle graphs.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Percents are decimal fractions. Therefore, circle graphs can be used to show decimal fractions.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Data values can also be converted to percent values. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display data values.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. A circle graph or pie graph uses a circle divided into sections to show data. Therefore, percentages can be used to show data.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Makes a circle graph, also known as a pie chart, of data in a list. Therefore, a pie chart can be used to display percents.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Percents are decimal fractions. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display decimal fractions.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Percents are decimal fractions. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display decimal fractions.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Line, Bar, Circle, Pictorial graphs are all good answers. Therefore, a bar is a type of graph.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Seventeen percent of residents are black, four percent are Asian, and three percent are Latino. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display the number of residents that are black, Asian, and Latino.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. All percents can be written as fractions. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display fractions.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. All percents can be written as fractions. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display fractions.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Percent is parts per hundred. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to display parts per hundred.
A circle graph can be used to display percents. Display screen shows it all. Therefore, a circle graph can be used to show percents.
A compass is used for determining direction. Compass needles line up with magnetic fields. Therefore, magnetic fields are used for determining direction.
A compass is used for determining direction. Magnets are used in compasses. Therefore, magnets can be used to determine direction.
A compass is used for determining direction. Distance and direction are the foundation of GPS-based navigation. Therefore, a compass is used for navigation.
A compass is used for determining direction. Direction is given on a 16 point compass scale. Therefore, a compass can determine 16 different points.
A compass is used for determining direction. Navigation is done by compass only. Therefore, navigation is used for determining direction.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists use satellite technology.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists use satellite technology.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, satellite technology can be used by meteologists.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists use satellite technology.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Meteorologists try to predict the weather. Therefore, meteorologists use satellite technology.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Rain or Shine, there is always weather. Therefore, satellite technology is used for predicting rain or shine.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Weather is what it's like outside each day. Therefore, satellite technology is used for predicting what it's like outside each day.
Satellite technology is used for predicting the weather. Today, technology has helped meteorologists to detect tornadoes. Therefore, meteorologists use satellites to detect tornadoes.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Air pressure Pressure is the force acting on a unit area. Therefore, a barometer is used to measure the force acting on a unit area.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Air pressure is a measure of the weight of the air. Therefore, a barometer measures the weight of the air.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Atmospheric pressure is measured by a barometer. Therefore, a barometer gauges atmospheric pressure.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Air pressure is a measure of the weight of the air. Therefore, the weight of the air can be determined with a barometer.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Pressure -A barometer measures the weight of the air. Therefore, a barometer is used to measure weight of the air.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Air pressure is the force of air against a unit of area. Therefore, a barometer measures the force of air against a unit of area.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Air pressure is a measure of the weight of the air. Therefore, a barometer is used to measure the weight of the air.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Elemental mercury is used in thermometers, barometers, and pressure-sensing devices. Therefore, elemental mercury helps measure air pressure.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure. Air pressure is a measure of the weight of the air. Therefore, a barometer is used to measure the weight of the air.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. If the product is an eye irritant, wear goggles. Therefore, goggles can protect against irritants.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Inside the eye, at the back, is the retina. Therefore, safety goggles are used for protecting the retina during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Firm plastic eyeglasses or goggles are better. Therefore, plastic protects the eyes during experiements.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. For concentrated acids and alkalis, a face shield is needed in addition to goggles. Therefore, acids can harm the eyes during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Lab experiments are group projects. Therefore, safety goggles are used to protect the eyes in the lab.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Goggles or safety glasses with sideshields are recommended. Therefore, glasses with sideshields are recommended for protecting the eyes during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Safety goggles are mandatory in the laboratory. Therefore, experiments are performed in the laboratory.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Goggles are recommended. Therefore, protective equipment is used for protecting the eyes during experiements.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Protection is simple, safe, and inexpensive. Therefore, safety goggles are used to keep the eyes safe during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Eyes are probably the most important symbolic sensory organ. Therefore, sensory organs can be protected by safety goggles during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Safety goggles are mandatory in the laboratory. Therefore, protection for the eyes is mandatory in the laboratory.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Sometimes science experiments can be dangerous. Therefore, safety goggles are used to protect the eyes from dangerous things.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Safety glasses and goggles protect the eyes. Therefore, safety glasses are used for protecting the eyes during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Larger pupil and larger corneas permit more light to enter the eye. Therefore, safety goggles are used for protecting the pupils during experiments.
Safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during experiments. Goggles are worn to protect eyes. Therefore, goggles are for protection.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians are entirely aquatic animals. Therefore, jellyfish are an aquatic invertebrate.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians are also called coelenterates. Therefore, coelenterates are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Invertebrates have no vertebrae or backbone. Therefore, jellyfish and corals have no vertebrae or backbone.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Invertebrates are animals without backbones. Therefore, cnidarians are without backbones.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians have a hydrostatic skeleton. Therefore, jellyfish have a hydrostatic skeleton.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians are radial, tentacled animals that live mostly in the seas. Therefore, jellyfish and corals are radial, tentacled animals that live mostly in the seas.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians are entirely aquatic animals. Therefore, jellyfish are entirely aquatic.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. An invertebrate is an animal that has no spine, or backbone. Therefore, cnidarians such as jellyfish and corals have no backbone.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians are also called coelenterates. Therefore, coelenterates are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals.
Cnidarians are invertebrates such as jellyfish and corals. Cnidarians include jellyfish and anemones. Therefore, anenomes and coral are invertebrates.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. If wind speeds exceeded 73 mph, the storm is upgraded to a hurricane. Therefore, a hurricane occurs when anemometer shows a reading above 73 mph.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. Wind speed is gauged with an anemometer. Therefore, anemometers gauge wind.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. Wind speed and severity of tornadoes is estimated by the damage caused. Therefore, an anemometer is used to estimate the damage caused by wind.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. Hurricanes have wind speeds of at least 74 mph. Therefore, anemometers can measure hurricanes.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. An anemometer is a device that measures the force of the wind. Therefore, the force of the wind can be used to measure its speed.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. Hurricanes have wind speeds of at least 74 mph. Therefore, an anemometer is used to measure hurricanes.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. An anemometer and vane are at the top of the station. Therefore, a device to measure wind is placed at the top of a station.
An anemometer is used to measure wind speed. Hurricanes have five categories depending on wind speeds. Therefore, an anemometer can be used to determine hurricane category.
Bacteria are the most diverse and abundant group of organisms on Earth. An organization is a life form. Therefore, bacteria are the most diverse and abundant group of life form on Earth.
Bacteria are the most diverse and abundant group of organisms on Earth. Earth is our planet. Therefore, bacteria are the most diverse and abundant group of organisms on our planet.
Bacteria are the most diverse and abundant group of organisms on Earth. Earth is a world of water. Therefore, bacteria is the most diverse and abundant group of organisms in the world.
Bacteria are the most diverse and abundant group of organisms on Earth. Bacteria and blue-green bacteria are prokaryotic cells. Therefore, prokaryotic cells are the most diverse and abundant group of organisms on Earth.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Students live at home or in group homes. Therefore, hermits crabs use dead snails shells as their place to live.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Most crabs are scavengers, such as the typical hermit crab. Therefore, some scavengers use the shells of dead snails for homes.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Gastropods are snails and slugs. Therefore, hermit crabs use shells of gastropods for homes.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Most crabs are scavengers, such as the typical hermit crab. Therefore, crabs use shells of dead snails for homes and are scavengers.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Hermit crabs find shells. Therefore, hermit crabs find dead snails to use as homes.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Hermit crabs have unusual homes. Therefore, dead snail shells are unusual homes.
Hermit crabs use the shells of dead snails for homes. Hermit crabs live in shells and are scavengers. Therefore, hermit crabs are scavengers for dead snails.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Examples of such aerosols include dust, volcanic ash, and smoke. Therefore, some aerosols can decrease temperatures by blocking the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Eruptive products of Hawaiian volcanoes span a wide range of temperatures. Therefore, eruptive products block the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. With increasing cloud blocking the sun, temperatures drop considerably. Therefore, volcanic ash in the atmosphere increases clouds which block the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Volcanic ash spewed into the atmosphere can block part of the sun's radiation, cooling the air. Therefore, volcanic ash blocks the sun and cools the air.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Most volcanic ash consists of fine, dusty particles. Therefore, fine, dusty particles in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Atmosphere is the air around an object in space. Therefore, volcanic ash in the air around the earth decreases the temperature by blocking the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Small temperature variations can have major effects on natural ecosystems. Therefore, volcanic ash in the atmosphere can have major effects on natural ecosystems.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Supersaturation is inferred to be a common state for atmospheric haze particles. Therefore, haze decreases the temperature by blocking the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Ash clouds are a particular problem for aircraft. Therefore, volcanic clouds in the atmosphere is a particular problem for aircraft.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Cone volcanoes are associated with thick lava and much ash. Therefore, cone volcanoes can lower the temperature of the earth.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Or a veil of tiny particles from a volcanic eruption can block the sun. Therefore, volcanoes can block the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Black sand is volcanic ash. Therefore, black sand can block out the sun.
Volcanic ash in the atmosphere decreases the temperature by blocking the sun. Most volcanic ash consists of fine, dusty particles. Therefore, fine, dusty particles erupted from volcanos decrease the temperature by blocking the sun.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. Earthquakes are caused by fault movement. Therefore, a seismograph will detect fault movements.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. Magnitude a measure of earthquake size. Therefore, a seismograph measures the magnitude of earthquakes.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. Earthquakes are commonly measured by the Richter magnitude scale, which measures the size of earthquakes. Therefore, scale.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. When earthquakes occur near cities of any size, the potential for damage is great. Therefore, a seismograph is used for measuring the size of the damage done by an occurrence.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. Damage caused by earthquakes is emmense. Therefore, a seismograph can prevent damage.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. Richter magnitude is a measure of the size of the earthquake. Therefore, magnitude.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. Most earthquakes are minor tremors. Therefore, a seismograph is used for measuring the size of tremors.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake. These are the waves that do the damage during earthquakes. Therefore, a seismograph measures waves that do damage.
Sponges have specialized cells called collar cells. Special cells called collar cells pick up the planktonic food and start the digestive process. Therefore, sponges have specialized cells to pick up planktonic food to digest.
Sponges have specialized cells called collar cells. Special cells called collar cells pick up the planktonic food and start the digestive process. Therefore, sponges trap and digest food with specialized cells.
Sponges have specialized cells called collar cells. Spicules, amoeboid cells, and collar cells are characteristic of sea anemones. Therefore, sponges and sea anemones have similar types of specialized cells.
Sponges have specialized cells called collar cells. Flagellum of collar cell cause current to pass over collar and food is collected. Therefore, sponges use specialized cells with flagellum to collect food.
Sponges have specialized cells called collar cells. Sponges are asymetrical and have many special types of cells. Therefore, sponges are asymmetrical and have collar cells.
Sponges have specialized cells called collar cells. Collar cells produce a constant flow of water into the sponge. Therefore, sponges have specialized work horses that produce constant flow of water to the sponge.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Herbs are medicines and aids. Therefore, herbs are used for curing people when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Drugs are small medicine. Therefore, drugs can cure people when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. If the patient looks sick, then the patient is sick. Therefore, medicine is used for curing patients.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. If the medicine is in the form of a pill, swallow the pill whole. Therefore, swallowing pills whole is used for curing people when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Prescription and non-prescription medicines and supplies ordered by a physician. Therefore, physicians write prescriptions when people are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. People get sick but they get better. Therefore, medicine is used for getting people better.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. When a child is hungry or sick, food and medicine are needed. Therefore, a sick child needs food.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Many plant substances are powerful medicines. Therefore, many plant substances are powerful cures for people when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Babies are the MOST inquisitive of people. Therefore, medicine is used for curing babies when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Antibiotics are powerful medicines used to treat bacterial infections. Therefore, antibiotics can cure people sick with bacterial infections.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. All people belong to the human family. Therefore, medicine is used for curing humans when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. Medicines, such is ibuprofen, can calm inflammation and ease pain. Therefore, ibuprofen is used for curing people when they are sick.
Medicine is used for curing people when they are sick. People get sick and die. Therefore, medicine can prevent people from dying.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails are also made of keratin. Therefore, keratin prevents injury by forming protecting plates over the ends of the fingers.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails are also made of keratin. Therefore, something made of keratin prevents injury by forming protective plates.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails are also made of keratin. Therefore, keratin forming over the ends of fingers prevents injury.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. People have fingernails. Therefore, people prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Healthy fingernails are smooth and well shaped. Therefore, protective plates over the ends of the fingers should be smooth and well shaped.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails are also made of keratin. Therefore, keratin prevents injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails are also made of keratin. Therefore, keratin prevents injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails become more brittle with age. Therefore, protective plates over the ends of the fingers become more brittle with age.
Fingernails prevent injury by forming protective plates over the ends of the fingers. Fingernails are also made of keratin. Therefore, protective plates over the ends of the fingers are made of keratin.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. All times are measured in seconds. Therefore, stopwatches are used to measure seconds.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. Reaction time was measured with a stopwatch in minutes and seconds. Therefore, a stopwatch can measure minutes.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. Reaction time was measured with a stopwatch in minutes and seconds. Therefore, stopwatches are used to measure minutes and seconds.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. All times are measured in seconds. Therefore, a stopwatch is used to measure seconds.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. Time in seconds is available with times or itimes. Therefore, a stopwatch is used to measure seconds.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. Time can be measured with a clock or watch. Therefore, time is kept with a watch.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. All times are measured in seconds. Therefore, a stopwatch is used to measure seconds.
A stopwatch is used to measure time. Timing is the essence of punctuality. Therefore, a stopwatch is used to help people be punctual.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a way of cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated by cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a way of cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated with a way of cleaning blood.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a procedure to filter the blood. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated with a procedure to filter the blood.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Kidney, or renal, failure is an inability of the kidneys to do their job. Therefore, dialysis is used to treat patients with renal failure.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a procedure to filter the blood. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated with a procedure to filter the blood.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a way of cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney. Therefore, dialysis may be necessary to filter blood.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a procedure to filter the blood. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated with a procedure to filter the blood.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a way of cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated by cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is the mechanical process of cleaning the blood. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated by the mechanical process of cleaning the blood.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Diabetic kidney disease, kidney failure and other diabetes related kidney problems. Therefore, one effect of diabetes can be treated with dialysis.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Kidney failure is a death sentence. Therefore, a lack of dialysis may lead to death.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Dialysis is a way of cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney. Therefore, kidney failure may be treated by cleaning the blood with an artificial kidney.
Kidney failure may be treated with dialysis. Renal failure means kidney failure. Therefore, renal failure may be treated with dialysis.
